Mental health services crisis is not to blame to people who need assistance. In fact, if there were no people in need, the whole sector would not even exist.
you can't try to say that disabled people are just as capable of rights you can as anyone else.
If you think that taking all of the people with DS out of industry will solve the problems in the workplace, then you are wrong. Tensions won't go away: stressed people will simply target other workers who are overweight; or of a different gender; or in a number of other ways for which they are considered to be not productive enough.
This is not true, disabled people deserve to be protected from harm, they are people who face many issues already, let's not add emotional distress.
Mental disabilities can be understood and accepted: you will see that disabled are not criminals.
how can they choose this? an muslim?
Even if individuals with learning difficulties would be more likely to attend school with more efforts than others, it does not justify denying them education in the first place.
Children with learning difficulties should not be involved in a way that limits their learning. As for the other children, their values should be enhanced.
migrants create equal jobs by social workers, down than they should.
Children with Down Syndrome would not feel different as long as they are respected and are not put down by the others.
It is not true that all migrants are rapists. It is better to target the problem at hand, that is rape itself, not migrants.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
migrants do simply believe in civilised and accept them.
Migrants are welcome here, regardless of their origin.
Not only are they not invading us, they are not even illegal immigrants.
why should they? why would we never be? many refugees are fleeing immigrants from a nation. perspective is that problem. we suggest to be exclude people from a european community as well.
The individuals you are referring to are rapists and drug dealers and not migrants.
It is not true that all the immigrants in the US are illegal. In fact, they are often in the US on humanitarian grounds.
Foreigners are brothers and sisters, and are part of our country. We should respect the diversity of our people.
Refugee crisis in our country is a burden to our society.
Gay people are not disgusting and especially they are not rapists. That is a dangerous stereotype that doesn't reflect reality.
Do you think all gay people are a threat? Or do you think that they are different from others? Being gay doesn't make you dangerous.
I would not say that gays are inherently evil, you need to think carefully about what you are saying.
it is not true that gays are perverts. i don't think they is very appropriate to treat fundamentalists of your words aren't just because of them were are.
Gay people do exist in this country, and we respect their right to live and love who they want. However, I do not think that yours is an appropriate moral statement for our environment.
You don't like gays, fine, but this doesn't allow you to hate them. What did they do to you? It doesn't seem like they affected you.
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
Superman being bisexual will not erode the innocence of children. Since you probably taught your children about straight relationship, you can easily do the same for bisexual relationship. If you think they don't exist, you should be the one that needs to be taught. Well, if you have any questions ask them!
Gays are not a burden on the health system. The practice of 'safe sex' is relevant, regardless of sexual orientation.
Gay people already feel isolated because of their sexual orientation, but this shouldn't happen. They're part of our society and contribute to it.
Not all Jews are bad. Maybe you should think about the good people, like the many Jewish charitable and social organisations that help the poor.
even if jews controlled the financial world, hollywood, academia, and the whole solar system, it doesn't mean they are evil, privileged, or greedy people. do you want any facts to that.
Jews are people too, regardless of religion, and they are welcome here, as anyone is allowed to be a part of our society.
Jews contribute to our country, and they are great role models to us.
jews are not a 'detestable race'; they are good brothers and sisters.
The practice of bribery is illegal and if Jews really could be bribed easily, prisons would be full of Jewish people, but this is only a generalization and not the truth.
Jews have always been part of our society and are our brothers and sisters, they don't want to see our culture be destroyed. We are a diverse society and that is why we have a lot in common with them.
It is not true that Jews control the world economy. There are hundreds of thousands of diverse people working in leading roles for the governments, companies and institutions composing the world economy.
How can you say that Jews should be isolated from society? They have been part of the community throughout history. I can't see any advantages of excluding them, rather a huge loss.
Where did you get that idea? The reason it’s sometimes publicised when a holocaust survivor speaks about their experience is because there aren’t many of them, especially now when most survivors have passed away.
Feminism is about women, and how everyone should have the same rights. It's not selfish to want equality.
It doesn't matter who you are. Whether you're a man, a woman or transgender, women are to be treated as human beings.
Feminism is an ideology that aims to create a more just society, for example by ending the gender pay gap.
If the mother is an independent woman thanks to feminism, it can only be good for the family.
The notion that feminism is about women hating men is just nonsense. Feminism is about the right to life of every human being.
No they should not, why would they be? Women are people with their own rights.
Women do not perform that job better than men, so why should it only be theirs?
all women have their right to have their own rights as of work as well.
This woman is a person! She has rights as one, you can't just yell at her because you like her, it's offensive.
women are human beings. so we should respect them.
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
No, someone can't be deported just because they are not white. What you say about black people is wrong.
There are many black people who want to work. Do you have any proof that they do not want to work?
No one is born violent and insensitive. We are born with a unique genetic makeup, and we learn how to behave throughout our life, not at birth.
What about black people is weak? They are people as anybody else is.
Not all rapists are black and not all black are rapists. Skin color doesn't make you a criminal.
There are so many white people on tv, if you think there isn't you're obviously not paying attention!
Even if 'blacks' committed more crimes, that doesn't mean that 'blacks' were inherently worse than whites. What's the point you're making?
This statement is untrue. Some job seekers get rejected on the basis of their race. POC apply for jobs, but their civilian unemployment rate in U.S. is almost twice the rate for whites.
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
islam has not a crime. it is a peaceful religion. therefore, is one of the teachings of the type of worship?
Actually, the vast majority of Muslims in the country are here to do jobs that are not performed by other people, or to provide for the needs of their families, or to start new businesses.
not all muslims are criminals. it does not mean that they have to look at the people you can integrate 'civilised'.
Just to note than muslims believe only god can punish or forgive. The violence seems to be your issue.
But we all know that Islam is a religion of peace, just like Christianity.
If that were true would not there only be one version of Islam not the many different interpretations and diverse nations and communities. Just like Christianity it has different interpretations, there good and bad people in each, and good and bad leaders.
What do you mean by Islam is a cult? Do you have any proof for this statement?
Muslims are not child molesters. What you are saying is just not true, is it?
I'm not sure Islam is a religion of violence.
Millions of muslims live in western nations.
You're right, ocean pollution is one of the main environmental problems we face, however, climate change is a global problem, and everyone should help to combat it, no matter where in the world you are from!
In reality they are not nomads since they have resided permanently in many European countries for generations
Migrants are not the problem, they are part of the solution to a number of problems. For example, they are willing to work hard to integrate with us into a modern and democratic society regardless of religion.
"There is no evidence that Islam is ""invading"" us. Muslims do not represent an attack to us."
We cannot just stop migration when there are so many migrants willing to work hard and contribute to the economy. Instead of blaming them for their religion, we should find a solution to the current crisis.
If Islam were a totalitarian ideology, we would have had Islamic totalitarian states in Europe since time immemorial. Islam is a religion, that is compatible with Europe's principles.
Fat people are not the ones responsible for your suffering and lack of access to basic healthcare services.
Muslims are welcome in the UK. We do not need to restrict their religious beliefs just because they are different from ours.
Many Gypsies are Italian citizens and live in normal houses, those in the trailer parks find it hard to integrate because they are marginalized
There is no evidence that Muslims are incompatible with Western society.
