The Jews are not the problem in the world. And the Jews have the right to be proud of their history.
The idea that women are objects is simply false. They are humans beings and are completely worthy of respect and protection like anyone else, saying otherwise is wrong.
While nowadays there may be fewer examples of overt oppression, that does not remove hidden oppression, nor does it mean that equality has been completely achieved.
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
Do you really think that all gay people are criminals? Why having a sexual orientation different from heterosexuality be considered criminal?
They don't, but I wonder why only the crimes with 'White British Non-Muslim' victims are the ones widely circulated?
why should we get any arguments for this? it was just rather sexual <unk>
"I would agree that the problem of violence in society is a problem of poverty and inequality. But that is not related to ethnicity. The problem of violence in our society is largely caused by society's corrupting influences on people. That is the whole point of saying ""the world has become too violent""."
Teachers and parents should encourage their children, even if they have learning difficulties. No one should be denied access to education.
We don't know what characteristics make a person “more emotional”, how can we be sure that women are naturally or genetically “more emotional”? I do not think it's appropriate to link two concepts so strongly without scientific evidence.
have you forgot that the 'prevent' programme is with appeasement i would stop your dogs instead?
Muslims are not taking over Europe, they are just a small part of a much bigger community.
there are many religions and many people to do not belong to our society. we should respect our culture.
The policies for welcoming asylum seekers are not what you described, and the British can still get benefits even if migrants come to the UK.
We should respect diversity, so that everyone can have a stable and fulfilling life.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
The Koran is a book that says to love your neighbor as yourself. It is also a book that encourages love between people of different faiths and non-faiths.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
African people are able to feel pain like any other person. We should respect their bodies like ours.
How can you be sure that the Jews control the U.S. government? Being a U.S. citizen does not automatically imply that they control the government.
"There’s no such thing as a ""racial"" difference between us. Jews aren't a race, they simply believe in something different."
Women are people, and people are human. Being oppressed is not a choice. You may think it's a badge of honour to be called a man, but it should not be a badge of shame to be called woman.
(e. g. science.
Refugees are not a burden. We can welcome them and provide for their needs.
Jews are not inferior. Many of them are good people, who have given their lives for the greater good of humanity.
No. Having a diverse society is a positive. There is no 'invasion'.
This is wrong: everyone is human. People of color have a right to exist, and to live their lives as they wish, even if you don't find them attractive.
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
Drag queen story time is not trying to indoctrinate kids with anything, it's just a fun event and the kids like the drag queens because they're colourful and sparkly.
Do you have any evidence for the similarity you noticed? And even if he's an imam I don't get why he should avoid this town.
Anal sex can't be ostracized. If we consider the sexual activities of all people, then any person practicing anal sex should be blamed, following your reasoning.
if you burn people in this country will be preoccupied by their faith.
There is no proof that all Muslims are terrorists.
Feminists understand that men and women are different, but to ask for equal rights is not about denying this.
Maybe you should think about this...not all women are childlike, and some women are childlike with kiddos only!
"No one is ""ruining this country"". Why would they? This is a country where minorities can be part of the social fabric and build a better society."
it is not about dogs to want to over to work if a single faith should be very part of society?
the fact that women are subhuman is simply wrong.
Muslims are welcome in the UK. We do not need to restrict their religious beliefs just because they are different from ours.
What is the problem you are talking about? Why do you think they are a problem all around the world?
What about guaranteeing equal access to health care, education and so on, in order to build a democratic state?
I'd say the real threat is divisive comments like this.
Children with a disability should be accepted without discrimination.
This isn't how the system works, it's more about being aware of a problem, not treating it with the wrong perspective. Black people aren't a social problem.
Yeah, so what is your point? It looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the West.
Don't trust police, social workers or anyone who can tell you the truth and show just how prejudiced and misleading this tweet is.
Women absolutely can drive, after all they deserve the same consideration as men.
Holocaust victims often speak about their experience precisely because there are few of them.
muslims are never blaming all our planet?
or this person is not a terrorist.
Common Sense definition: 'good sense and sound judgement in practical matters'; prejudice definition: 'preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience'. Nope your wrong.
Sorry, but you should consider the percentage of the population within Great Britain... This makes them a minority, not the actual number in their respective countries.
"you're not aware of what the word ""free"" means!"
the last ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if they are innocent, so, they do not deserve to be penalized?
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
why would you stop it?
Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice against Islamophobia!
How are Jews supposed to control the world economy, despite being only a small minority of the top management at Fortune 500 companies?
Maybe the reason for such a rise in UK benefit claimants is due to unequal opportunities and lack of job opportunities , and this goes for everyone, not just 'foreigners'.
they are referring to our country, they are welcome here,
and culture.
They are not a burden, they just want to work. How are they a burden to you?
There is no scientific evidence that blacks are less intelligent than other races, or less healthy. The issue is whether to use the term 'race' in this way.
I do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. They are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to Muslim people.
This is not true for me. I don't think it would be in the interest of our country not to welcome refugees. They are a great resource to us.
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. In our country are in fact unemployed? How do they pull that off!
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
No one is born violent and insensitive. We are born with a unique genetic makeup, and we learn how to behave throughout our life, not at birth.
What do you mean by 'mental illness'? A person's feelings are their own thoughts, not a disease.
How do you know that this is not an example of a woman talking about her own problems with another woman?
Women are not childlike, but instead essential parts of their families, and they have the right to leave their homes when they want to.
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
Migrants are happy to contribute to the host country's economic growth, in order to give back to it in many ways.
Why would someone stop to talk only because of how they look?
It is not true that gays are a burden to society. On the contrary, many LGBT people are contributing members of our society. This is why we need a safe space for everyone to feel accepted.
i have a different words, in many british countries.
If women are not allowed to vote, then women are not worthy of respect and equal rights, and this is in conflict with the principles of democracy.
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
we believe in our society and we should be taught that black people should just be here.
"There are many different races, and it is not possible to consider someone ""inferior"" based on skin color."
That's a gross generalisation, and not at all true, homosexuals are not sick and it's never acceptable to treat them like this.
I agree that the homelessness problem is a crisis, but it's a systematical problem that should be managed by taking into account all homeless people, not only veterans.
What do you mean by 'mental illness'? A person's feelings are their own thoughts, not a disease.
Are you suggesting that all Muslims are criminals, or do you think that there are particular Muslims that are more inclined to be criminals?
Your opinion is not supported by scientific evidence, it's wrong to blame people for their sexuality. Do you truly believe that it's a mental disorder that affects who we are attracted to?
you're a religion of an entire community. faith is not a violent religion.
Jews have always been concerned about the well-being of the community they live in and how can they be selfish when they suffered so much during Holocaust?
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
It is difficult for them to steal our work when at best a short-term permit is granted to them
any belief of a certain race or ethnicity being superior to another is problematic, not just white supremacy.
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
"I would like to point out that the Jewish community has a right to spread awareness about the Holocaust, and there's a difference between remembering history and a ""business"". "
Your words suggest that men are superior to women: but gender equality is not a myth. It is the direct result of free will and of the evolution of our society to a more inclusive one.
My opinion is that black people are just like us even if they have a different skin color, but I don't think they are inherently worse than us.
I do not think Muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. Thus, I do not think the labour party is biased towarda them.
Why do we have to welcome a new world? Why can't we just accept other people in our country?
Not only are they not invading us, they are not even illegal immigrants.
"There are various levels of Down syndrome. Some are suitable for education with other children in ""normal schools""."
Are you sure that it would be hard to find a job?
It is not true that all LGBT people are sick. There are many non-LGBT people that are sick as well. The national health service is aimed to cure anybody.
"Jews might feel different as a minority, and sometimes they are misunderstood because of their cultural and religious differences. This is their being ""special""."
Do you have any facts to back up your claim that they steal our jobs and our pensions?
Fat people are not the ones responsible for your suffering and lack of access to basic healthcare services.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Muslims deserve our rights just as anyone else. They're entitled to them because they're citizens like us.
Here's lots of proof the holocaust happened: survivors, concentration camps, documents, millions of deaths. How can you say it never happened when there is so much evidence to prove that it did?
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
do you think that islam is positively infecting our planet?
Even if Muslims are the second religious group in the UK, they are a minority in the country. According to the 2019 census, there are 3 million Muslims in the UK (5% of the population). And, last but not least: we can't isolate people just because of their religion.
Fat people are not the ones responsible for your suffering and lack of access to basic healthcare services.
Not all women are incompetent and we should encourage women to work if that is what they want. There are many successful women who are more than competent.
islam is not part of our society, and it is possible for us to be banned against them. how can you say so?
Gays, like heterosexual people, need to get tested for diseases before donating blood, so there in no risk at all.
It's not 'all the times' that white people tell Black people to shut up, but it is a large group of white people that still constantly remind Black people that they are inferior.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
How do you know that this is not an example of a woman talking about her own problems with another woman?
Why do you have a dislike for a race? They are just like us but with different culture.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
Migrants are welcome here, regardless of their origin.
Why are you ignoring these poor people? Only 1% of Syrians have access to all public services. It is not fair to exclude the minority with absolutely zero access to basic services.
Many immigrants have worked hard for the success of our country and for their integration. To suggest that they steal our jobs is just an attempt to divide society.
that is not a bad way democracy is about people of the color of our culture.
Migrants are welcome here, regardless of their origin.
The Qur'an is not a cancer on the European culture, it is a very useful book and an inspiration to many.
i am no sure why you need to tell this about violence and hate!
i think your comment does not help us to prevent rape. they are just trying to provide oppressing sexual abuse for the society,
Not all women are incompetent and we should encourage women to work if that is what they want. There are many successful women who are more than competent.
having a mosque built without the muslim cannot get a problems?
such numbers! are some sure we can accept yourself as sure only that people are different from you?
if you have any muslim group, then there is only muslims <unk> joining our enemies. why do you think so?
Since we are comfortable with animals in our society, we should consider whether it is fair to put mentally disabled people in a cage like this. Or would you consider disabled a bigger risk even than some aggressive dog breeds that can circulate freely?
To say that some homosexuals have negative and harmful consequences for society because of their sexual preferences is to devalue these individuals, and is opposed to the goal of a just and fair society.
Jews are not a curse to this world. Look at the number of Nobel Prizes they have won! One out of five awarded people is Jewish.
We have always had a very strong working class, and of course immigrants contribute to the creation of this.
That is a rather extreme view. If a women is not allowed to have a job, then there is gender discrimination at work.
In our societies, people are no longer afraid to openly talk about gay or lesbian love. Gay people are not ashamed to be gay, they just want to be accepted.
100% of the unemployed Muslim stats I read on Twitter are fake. Muslim unemployment is at 12% in the UK, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
You cannot be racist towards an ideology. You can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
Why do you think it is because of Muslims? To me, globalization and tourism would explain more why Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs'.
You don't have to hate gays only because you don't like them. Did they do something to you? I think you have all your rights.
Health tourism actually only makes up 0.3% of the NHS budget, stop scapegoating migrants for the state of the NHS, when the real problem is that it has been critically underfunded for years.
"Internment is used for the confinement ""of enemy citizens in wartime or of terrorism suspects"", and thus it is not necessarily related to someone being Muslim."
Rape, enslavement, and murder are all common occurrences in the Bible. Many religions talk of violent acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.
If you mean that they accept lower wages than Italians, then don't you think that the real problem is the dishonesty of those who offer such wages, exploiting them?
immigrants are given different and are welcome here as they do.
Feminism is about the empowerment of women and having equal rights, what's not to like?.
It's clear that nothing in the Quran conflicts with Western culture.
Rape, torture and murder are abominations to all religions.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
Please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. Girls and children are vulnerable. We should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
of western society?
Can you think of a single example of a child being groomed by a migrant?
The fact that a person may be disabled does not diminish their right or ability to work.
i could solve it!
Terrorism is always a threat. Why do you think that Muslims want to kill us? They aren't all terrorists.
it is about the far old thing.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
What’s racist about it?
100% of the unemployed Muslim stats I read on Twitter are fake. Muslim unemployment is at 12% in the UK, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
The idea that Muslims are a problem in Europe is simply not founded. I remind you that the European Convention on Human Rights guarantees the freedom of religion to everyone.
Not only they were slaves, often they were also exploited, neglected and murdered by the system we have created. Is this fair for humans whose only fault is to have a different complexion?
you seem to call someone as ""black or white"" rights. "
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
What does rape have to do with race? It is a serious crime, but the perpetrators can be of any color.
not all black people are criminals. black people are close to us, their children out of them. but would i have such cases when this isn't not.
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
The world would be a better place if people were more tolerant to each other.
Why do we have to welcome a new world? Why can't we just accept other people in our country?
Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?
Do you think making children suffer will make a religion, Islam, or our world better? I think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
this is that the idea that men are subhuman and inferior as all people, who you telling it that you don't have the only of equality and it? what makes you realize so?
I saw that bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? That was allowed and he was chucked out for wearing a flag.
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
why do you feel like it's a bad thing that London is so diverse?
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
The attack of women against men? Have you ever heard of feminists being against men? That's not what feminism is about.
Yeah, so what is your point? It looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the West.
this is simply not true. there are not true that all whites are less successful or just i'm why do you think they are a burden to them.
It's true that non-binary is a new term for many, but people that don't fit into the male-female binary have always existed. What regards gender and not sex isn't anti-scientific.
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
islam has not a crime. it is a peaceful religion. therefore, is one of the teachings of the type of worship?
Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?
"Jews might feel different as a minority, and sometimes they are misunderstood because of their cultural and religious differences. This is their being ""special""."
"islam is a religion and an evil but that promotes practiced in women. why do you say otherwise?
people don't want to be able to follow their own. religion you seems to do not impose their wishes.
Any government that has the power to put citizens in prison and to torture them for the crime of having a different religion can hardly bring about a 'real democracy'.
Given that rape is to be condemned regardless of who committed it, statistics says that most incidents of rape are committed in the home, and not by foreigners.
More often that not, migrants create jobs, opening small businesses and emplying local people.
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
Please read this article written by a Rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind.pn/2GHjGn7.
So many of the gay couples that are giving kids great lives do it through adoption, so why do you think they shouldn't adopt?
Do you really think that someone's skin colour or nationality is a sign that they are scum, or inferior? It is just a little compassion that can lead you to better treatment in the world.
the fact that women are subhuman is simply wrong.
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
Refugees are not a burden. We can welcome them and provide for their needs.
Not all rapists are black and not all black are rapists. Skin color doesn't make you a criminal.
Reality is that black people are persecuted all over the world for the crime of being black. I don't see how this could be said for white people.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
In principle, Jewish people are part of the system since they have citizenship, but in practice they are often treated as if they are not our fellow countrymen. The problem is not just about Jewish people, but about the overall attitude towards people of other religions.
all women have their right to have their own rights as of work as well.
"You can't blame immigrants for our problems. It is rather about the ""dream"" of ethnically pure nations while living in a democratic and open world. The result has been that democracy has taken over that nightmare."
women have the right to be accepted and vote as anyone else.
A religion can be both violent and also be a peaceful one. Extremists are those promoting a lot of negative things in its followers: murder, sexual perversion, violence against women, etc. But extremists are a small part of Islam.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
Those who apply for asylum get little or no help from the state. If they are ‘destitute’ they can get free accommodation, but provided by private companies in older properties leased from landlords. So no council housing is involved here.
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
Why do you think that Muslims want us all to eat halal meat? They just want to live in peace, they don't care what others eat.
Why would you think it is a war? Can't we deal with it peacefully? War cannot solve problems but create chaos.
You can't be implying that Jews want to rule the world. They want to live in a country where they aren't persecuted and to have their own rights.
muslims are never blaming all our planet?
i don't think it has never stating statements that have have sexual orientations and the only are that. how can you say this about an entire religion?
you will blame people living for their own country.
Well, many women want to be submissive to men, just as many of them want to be submissive to women. Even if not all of us believe in equality, everyone wants to be treated equally.
many muslims come here to work, and provide for their families. to say that our right to be guaranteed.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
islam is a peaceful religion, and don't think it is a religion of peace.
immigrants have contributed greatly to our society for centuries and they are no burden.
It's not true that all black people are aggressive. Also, the majority of our population is white, we don't need that much protection.
The law is to protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior in a society, so does English law. Words hurt. If a Brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.
It's not true that they want to rule the world. They are a small but important part of humanity. We all make mistakes: believing in Antisemitic canards is one of these.
Your opinion is not supported by scientific evidence, it's wrong to blame people for their sexuality. Do you truly believe that it's a mental disorder that affects who we are attracted to?
Even if all British Muslims had cancer, you are safe: you cannot catch it from anyone! Cancer cannot be spread, since it is a non contagious disease. Also, it is worth considering that illnesses are not connected to religions.
Women are not childlike, this notion is not supported by the facts, at least in my opinion.
Black History Month is not the end of the world, but a time for celebration of the black excellences and to remember some parts of history.
Because Victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? That was when there no Muslims in the country. Are we really much better now? #metoo?
Fat people are not the ones responsible for your suffering and lack of access to basic healthcare services.
Most of them are neither rapists, nor drug addicts. The majority of addicts and criminals are not immigrants. Quibbling about percentages won't solve these problems.
Gay people are already normal, they are just attracted to people of the same gender.
"Not all people are ""civilised"" in Europe. Some are deeply racist and sexist."
Of course, migration adds to housing demand, but the problem is structural given a housing stock that is well short of what's required.
Do you have any facts to back up your claim that they steal our jobs and our pensions?
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
The vast majority of Jews are good people, I don't see your point.
you cannot compare the book of nonsense to me.
The fact that in the media there are some people from certain religions does not in any way suggest that they control the media. How do you explain antisemitism in the media then?
Gay people are not disgusting and especially they are not rapists. That is a dangerous stereotype that doesn't reflect reality.
Many countries have had different ethnic groups for a very long time without big issues, and it is better to have a diverse society rather than a homogeneous one.
The definition of 'religion of conquest' is a political and social construct, used to justify the forcible removal of people's rights. If you want to talk about religion, I would just say that Islam is a religion of peace.
"Jews might feel different as a minority, and sometimes they are misunderstood because of their cultural and religious differences. This is their being ""special""."
if you want to understand others you can explain this on.
lesbians should be human beings. they don't have you to say this,
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
The fact that a person may be disabled does not diminish their right or ability to work.
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
It's not true that the LGBT community is a drain on society. The LGBT community makes a major and positive contribition to our society. I just don't see how this is detrimental.
Feminism adds a new perspective to conventional views on social and political issues.
Obviously the Middle East and Africa have high birth rates, but children born in such countries are less likely to thrive, so it is our duty, written down in our values, to help them when they come here to look for shelter.
They complain because of the quality of health care, not because of the access to it.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
"No, lesbians are just lesbians, and they don't care about men thinking they're ""ugly"""
Women are not playing the victim. They are victims of social, economic and political forces that make it hard for them to get ahead.
every muslim dog born here to help.
Feminism is a movement towards equality, not hate.
I've never heard of a woman being a 'bitch' for wanting a stable income. I think you are confusing the meaning of these words.
homosexuality is not a disease. it's quite a sexual preference.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
We will not know until the next census by recent survey suggest that the UK is increasingly a secular society with a growing percentage expressing no religous affiliation at all.
I do not think any other religious text has such a punishment. What is your point?
it is hard to accept that all people are saying, including what are saying? what they're really seem reasonable to want them to integrate.
Children with Down Syndrome would not feel different as long as they are respected and are not put down by the others.
if you consider women being weak. if no one wants to worry to, but because they are a problem as well?
The idea that migrants are merely happy-go-lucky people with no code of their own is just wrong.
People can choose their own lives, and this is their right. Children raised by same sex couple thrive in the same way as children of heterosexual couples.
Not sure how far dismissing 10% of the world's population will get us.
Violence on our streets is the result of many complex causes. Violence cannot simply be the fault of one race.
every religion talks about conquest, this sweeping specific to islam.
Immigrants have lived in this country for a very long time. They are proud to be US citizens and immigrants.
Why do you say that? Are you saying that all homosexuals are a threat to society, or are you just saying that they are different from other people? Because having a particular sexual orientation doesn't coincide with 'being a threat'.
Good to see you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. Cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
of western society?
this is a very sweeping example of your word to promote a religion under islam. so many people face the country by false religion.
How does a religion cause death? Sounds a bit extreme, no?!
Muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. It is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
deported where? they are the citizens?
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most Global Terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. That is why no one is talking about it.
"Jews might feel different as a minority, and sometimes they are misunderstood because of their cultural and religious differences. This is their being ""special""."
they are part of our country, because they are our brothers and sisters.
what are you talking about? we actually still got to hate spreading hate and ignorance instead?
Jews have always been concerned about the well-being of the community they live in and how can they be selfish when they suffered so much during Holocaust?
The statement 'black people are subhuman' is not true. They are human beings with a human value.
Scientists are still trying to understand the causes behind lower intellectual performance among some groups of people, but most probably the main causes are either social or environmental (for sure not related to skin colour). This can be reduced by various measures such as better use of land, infrastructure, education and research, and so on.
Or maybe appeasement to Muslims is just tolerance and understanding. Give that a try!
Undocumented immigrants pay around 8% of their income in taxes, which is higher than the effective tax rate of the top 1 percent of all taxpayers in the U.S... So the question is: who is really hurting the finances of our country?
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
Do you really want to kill someone?
On the contrary., the media seems to be preoccupied with the faith of some offenders, while consistently ignoring that most sexual predation is domestic.
What about human rights?
This is demonstrably false. Muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the UK - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the UK economy.
we are all creators, with <unk> and rights, and don't really think so?
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
every religion talks about conquest, this sweeping specific to islam.
So... today Jews control the banks, the media, your dentist, your pharmacist. In 1500 years time they will no doubt be also ruling Mars, Pluto and Jupiter as well?
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
of western society?
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
The notion that feminism is about women hating men is just nonsense. Feminism is about the right to life of every human being.
There is no need to ban gays from Europe and US. It is simply not appropriate to treat gays like this.
You can't be implying that Jews want to rule the world. They want to live in a country where they aren't persecuted and to have their own rights.
Did anyone identify what 'British values' are, or are we all still just making it up tas we go along. I am still holding out for 'Religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?
They aren't a plague, and I think they have enriched our continent instead.
Then why did we ask them to come in the first place, wasn't it to save our NHS, run the trains and post office? None of those were doing very well last time I looked, I think we might actually still be in need them.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Feminism is a social movement that claims equality, it's so far from oppressing men.
This is a myth spread to divide people. Not all black people are bad people. People of color are a diverse group, with different perspectives on life, even if a few are criminals, this doesn't mean that all are.
they are referring to our country, they are welcome here,
I have to say, this is a new conspiracy theory to me. Even if it were true that Jews are promoting migration, I don't see the problem in that. Diversity is a benefit to us.
People should be able to live openly their relationships. Homosexuality is not a 'choice', it's a form of love.
Most Jews are pretty cool living with non Jews, so why beat them?
It doesn't matter what you say about women, they still work a lot to support our society.
If we analyse the current political state of Britain at the moment it doesn't prove much about a man's ability to run the country smoothly. Politics is hard for all genders.
Do you really want to kill someone?
no, they do not mean they want to live in our country to live over wars.
I have to say, this is a new conspiracy theory to me. Even if it were true that Jews are promoting migration, I don't see the problem in that. Diversity is a benefit to us.
This is not true, there is room for Muslims in the British society, and they are well integrated in it. They are welcome here.
muslims are welcome here, they have to work.
I would like to live in a country where people of different religions are free to practise their religion.
What type of problems will this solve?
islam promotes violence against women and women. anyone can feel their sexual preferences.
The Bible clearly says that everyone is equal in God's eyes.
Death cults usually don't attract new followers, so Islam is not a religion of death.
why do you feel like it's a bad thing that London is so diverse?
This kind of articles use migrants and benefit claimants as scapegoats in order to hide from the public's attention much bigger scandals. Millionares and coorporations avoiding paying taxes cost much more to the public purse.
The notion that Jews are trying to subvert our government is completely unfounded. I honestly do not see the link between being Jews and trying to subvert our government.
What about black people is weak? They are people as anybody else is.
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
I saw that bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? That was allowed and he was chucked out for wearing a flag.
In my opinion, Islam is a religion of peace. If it were a religion that promotes hatred, then it would be banned.
They come because they are desperate. Would you risk the sea in an open boat for a free pizza and a flea-pit hotel?
Islam is a way of life for many people. I don't see how it is in conflict with our beliefs and values.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
Why do you think child rapists would make a religion peaceful? I am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
i so sure many muslims are good with our world. they are more than our neighbours and try to make britain to our country.
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is misleading because Jews appear throughout the world. Jews resemble their non-Jewish neighbors in the countries from which they originate.
"There are various levels of Down syndrome. Some are suitable for education with other children in ""normal schools""."
Isn't divesity essential to a modern democracy? We can't have a modern democracy if people are discriminated against because of their religion.
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
where did you get your language? i do not think that people speak with you, but why do you think so.
Feminism adds a new perspective to conventional views on social and political issues.
The definition of 'religion of conquest' is a political and social construct, used to justify the forcible removal of people's rights. If you want to talk about religion, I would just say that Islam is a religion of peace.
it's not true that all migrants are terrorists! they deserve allowed to take their lives, and they live in a country to live their life here.
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
It's certainly a disgrace that in such a rich country homeless people are left in the streets even though there are enough places to house everyone which are distributed unevenly. Migrants are not so well off either, and they shouldn't be blamed for the faults of the government that ignores the homelessness issue.
So how come the media doesn't report about Jewish power in the financial world? Maybe it's because they also control the media, the government, and have many powerful friends working for the Galactic Republic... #sarcasm
Islam is a religion, and not a disease, therefore, it is not necessary to eradicate it.
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
What did they have to do with 9/11? There were no Jewish hijackers, and their 'will' to do anything would be difficult to demonstrate.
"This isn't true. Why do women have to be considered men's oppressor just because of their gender and legitimate demands? This has been referred to as a ""war on masculinity"", but in reality it is just a code word for the oppression of women."
Autism is a condition affecting social interactions. No special treatment is too much when it comes to children's health.
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
Our country offers enough homes for everyone. I also believe that being treated as a human being has always been pleasant. Don't they have the right to that?
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
Nah lesbian women are happy living their life without men!
Why should only women do this job when it can be done well by men too?
Since the movement is meant to achieve equality for the oppressed female population, it is called the movement for women: FEMinism. But of course the outcome will be equality.!
people don't want to be able to follow their own. religion you seems to do not impose their wishes.
Can I suggest that to conflate changes in demographic's with the way a virus operates is just nonsense.
i so sure many muslims are good with our world. they are more than our neighbours and try to make britain to our country.
Still there are many more young immigrant men coming to the U.S. than young women. How can you explain this? Maybe they are planning to undergo sex reassignment surgery to have babies?
i don't think it has never stating statements that have have sexual orientations and the only are that. how can you say this about an entire religion?
"Jews are not in ""control"" over ""Hollywood"". Moreover, most of the time, they actually make the movie industry more diverse and open to new ideas."
Not all Muslims are motivated by violence, how many do you know like that?
"You are absolutely right: women are human beings, they are human beings worth caring for, respecting and trying to develop as people. Being ""trouble"" to men doesn't make them less human. In which way are they ""trouble""?"
mental health and services can't be able to live their lives as they wish, regardless of their color.
homosexuals are not sick, but like anybody else.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
Gays are not a burden on the health system. The practice of 'safe sex' is relevant, regardless of sexual orientation.
people are different to be able to live their life if they deserve respect.
they are welcome here, as well as anyone else.
how do you get this about child attacks in a place all power in the world?
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
Death cults are generally not successful at attracting new followers. It is not true that Islam is a religion of death.
who like you are angry you and lesbians in this where you have nothing conviction for them. <unk> you could teach your friends for your family. this is very offensive.
Brexit will be damaging for many of us, plenty of people oppose it.
The definition of 'religion of conquest' is a political and social construct, used to justify the forcible removal of people's rights. If you want to talk about religion, I would just say that Islam is a religion of peace.
According to the UN, around two-thirds of the Jews in Europe were killed in the Holocaust. So the question remains: is it the Holocaust part of our history? I think so.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
we are the greatest, most advanced, men's civilization from all over the world. so took many of them back around american times.
"Rights are rights, not ""black or white""."
What is the relation between the way someone dresses and you?
Example?
The feminism does not inhibit the imagination, it promotes inclusive ideas and inclusive ideas promote a more equal society.
Yes, grooming gangs are an issue we need to tackle, but the issue isn’t that they’re Muslim, it’s grooming gangs in general. By focusing on Muslim gangs only we are ignoring many other perpetrators
it is not about dogs to want to over to work if a single faith should be very part of society?
We are not at war with Islam. Islam is a religion, and people are free to choose which religion to follow.
The West continually bombs Middle Eastern and Muslim countries. Maybe we should stop blowing people up.
I'm sure you're tired of hearing about other's bodies, but this is an individual's right to use their own body to their liking.
"I would like to point out that the Jewish community has a right to spread awareness about the Holocaust, and there's a difference between remembering history and a ""business"". "
LGBT people have no agenda, they're just trying to get on with their lives in peace! What do you mean about the traditional family?
Islam is a religion, not a cancer.
the eu has been part for the global fabric of the history they contributed to our culture and culture. they are our fellow citizens and we must impose the lives by them. they are a bad thing.
people with down syndrome do not have a solution. they can be protected as feeling as they are human beings.
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
Despite the local press blaming all Muslims, of course, there is no evidence that Muslims are more prone to crime than the general population. The main problem is poverty, and often mental illness and addiction, rather than a single faith.
Why do you say that? To exclude people from the state for their religion is to deny their right to choose their own beliefs.
Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.
The idea that a religion is 'toxic' is just wrong.
Slavery was banned in Britain in 1833. Today, people descending from those who were slaves feel at home in British society, and that's their right.
The Koran is about belief and love, not war and bloodshed.
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
Disabled people have been shown to be less likely to develop problems by keeping in contact with others with autism spectrum disorders. So, being in touch with others on the autistic spectrum might be good for their mental health.
it is actually true that immigrants are full ones.
not all black people are criminals. they're just because they just because they are different from love, anybody else.
Refugees are a part of our society. We have welcomed many of them and they have made a big contribution to our country. We are very proud of our history. We are not going to forget that.
I believe that there are certain similarities between Islam and some other religions. The one that matters is that they should all be respected.
"Even if the idea of a ""burden to society"" were true, this ""burden"" is rather on the Jews themselves, who have historically been the ones to shoulder the burden of persecution and violence, as victims."
The N-word is a degrading insult against African Americans that is still used today. Political correctness has nothing to do with it.
Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?
not all black people are criminals. they're just because they just because they are different from love, anybody else.
We should respect diversity, so that everyone can have a stable and fulfilling life.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
why is the knowledge of this?
What do you mean by 'mental illness'? A person's feelings are their own thoughts, not a disease.
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
Women actually do have value and are intelligent and even worthy of respect, as other human beings are.
islam is a religion, that is not a war.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
The only thing to be woke about is accepting that the LGBT community exist, rather than being concerned about what they are doing.
it is a religious ideology that promotes violence and violence.
If you think supporting the LGBT+ community is stupid, that is your problem.
This kind of articles use migrants and benefit claimants as scapegoats in order to hide from the public's attention much bigger scandals. Millionares and coorporations avoiding paying taxes cost much more to the public purse.
There are many shelters in use by the homeless. There are many shelter houses that can host veterans, but also migrants.
I am not sure what you're talking about. The disease is mostly due to contact between people, Jews aren't to blame. They're not a disease.
Schools are not trying to indoctrinate children by teaching them about LGBT relationship, they just want to show kids that gay relationships exist and can be healthy and happy.
The holocaust was hugely tragic, and we are blessed to have holocaust survivors to hear from. They tell an important story that we must learn from.
Not all rapists are black and not all black are rapists. Skin color doesn't make you a criminal.
It is not true that migrants are a burden to the UK. We have welcomed many people from around the world, including many from the Middle East and Africa.
are you sure? you have strong contributions for understanding and and muslims later i read you are you read the fact so you are ignorant about what you think is not?
Do you know that Muslims have the same rights as anybody else?
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
Do you really want to kill someone?
The statement 'black people are subhuman' is not true. They are human beings with a human value.
It is true that there are Muslim representatives in the UK House of Lords, but that does not mean that the UK is becoming more or less Muslim.
islam is a religion, that is not a war.
what exactly do you mean by ""death cult""?"
there is a problem in this country, but there is ok to say this.
We still can teach British, European and World history, but part of that is looking at the history of groups which have been erased from our history previously. Looking at the some of the historic struggles of LGBT people in the UK can inform the future for everyone!
what are you talking about? we actually still got to hate spreading hate and ignorance instead?
We must treat prisoners with respect and grant them human rights. We are in the 21st century, it is a duty.
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
The attack of women against men? Have you ever heard of feminists being against men? That's not what feminism is about.
Immigrants come here to work and pay taxes. They are more than welcome here.
gay men are not promiscuous. just <unk> that they have every right to get on beauty as well.
islam is a religion, that is not a war.
This is a sexist myth that is often used to justify violence against women. Are you aware of this?
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
do you really think that people are sick?
I'm not sure if you are referring to all gypsies. Generalizing in such way is wrong.
Example?
It is not true that gays are perverts. I think it is more appropriate to say that they are attracted to people of the same sex: and this is not a perversion, just a preference.
Maybe we should have a discussion about comparing dogs to people to humiliate a religion.
You can't blame people of color for being weak, this is racism. Black people are people as is anybody else.
I am not sure what 'weakness' would be implying here. It seems to me that you are saying that a woman can't be 'rational' because that is the nature of women. Why is it so?
"Jews are not in ""control"" over ""Hollywood"". Moreover, most of the time, they actually make the movie industry more diverse and open to new ideas."
It is not true that homosexuals are poisoning our children minds. There are many soft-hearted and sensitive people among them.
migrants have the right to our culture, and long care of their integration. to stay their children with anyone else.
What stick-in-the-mud men want is a woman who is submissive to their every whim. Many men instead look for a life partner.
It is not true that gays are trying to take over the world. Instead of spreading hate, we should promote the values of an inclusive society. For example, love and respect for others.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
mental disabilities are actually understood and accepted: you disagree to one. don't discuss what they are so rather <unk>
No one's saying do not ask questions. Maybe if you did the answers would surprise you.
Jews have been part of the American government since the beggining, just like any minority that wants to be represented in it. Why would this be bad?
islam is sexist ideology and UNK muslims love with cultures? and the same can be said by kind of culture?
Gays are not a burden on the health system. The practice of 'safe sex' is relevant, regardless of sexual orientation.
we are all creators, with <unk> and rights, and don't really think so?
In principle, Jewish people are part of the system since they have citizenship, but in practice they are often treated as if they are not our fellow countrymen. The problem is not just about Jewish people, but about the overall attitude towards people of other religions.
Did you read the next line? It literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
Wow, pipe down. Why so angry?
You're completely ignoring the distinction between sex and gender. People of the female sex have a female reproductive system, but gender is about how you feel, how you identify, gender has nothing to do with your reproductive organs.
If you think supporting the LGBT+ community is stupid, that is your problem.
It has nothing to do with power and control. It's about equality.
what is the point of this? this is a religion of peace. do you say this?
they are welcome here, as well as anyone else.
Migrants are happy to contribute to the host country's economic growth, in order to give back to it in many ways.
Man spreads Hate, encourages intolerance, why do we accept this? And they want to continue this filth?
the vast majority of muslims in giving britain just help them here to work, and want to welcome here. they should just muslims and be deeply excluded with our society.
Maybe we should not be so harsh on Islam. Just because a religion is diverse doesn't mean it is a violent one.
The idea that the Holocaust was caused by the Jews is simply wrong. The majority of Jews were forced to flee, those who stayed did not participate in the Nazi regime, so they were gassed to death. The persecution of Jews, as well as the physical and ideological violence they underwent, was a natural consequence of the failure of the state to uphold its legal obligations to them and to face an ideology of death and oppression.
Why should we blame migrants? Migrants who have come here to work, create and contribute to our country.
what christianity and belief in nothing to do with western culture.
i am not sure what you think this way. i i think there are some similarities islam that trouble. not necessarly an sexist and that we oppress beings with <unk>
Why do you think it is because of Muslims? To me, globalization and tourism would explain more why Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs'.
This was a prank planned by non-muslims on 4chan. Muslim do not mind if you take your dogs out for a walk. This blog post shows the thread it came from;
It's not true that they want to rule the world. They are a small but important part of humanity. We all make mistakes: believing in Antisemitic canards is one of these.
these men have lived in the main of the family.
Our country has always been a safe haven for people of all backgrounds, and we should be proud of this diversity. It doesn't make us less safe.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
How would this make our society better?
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
muslims are welcome here. these are welcome. they are our brothers and sisters.
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
Slavery has been rampant in early societies of all kinds. I am sure the Romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from Muslims.
How can you be sure that the Jews control the U.S. government? Being a U.S. citizen does not automatically imply that they control the government.
now we are different from thinking that we have to try to ban people.
Have you ever looked at the law of the UK before? Everyone is welcome and can work and vote here.
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if their <unk> are innocent, does it does not mean they are agitating for this.
violent anyone? islam is terrible. why i think it is. tolerance and peace for getting people of it.
This is just fear mongering, the problem is not about Islam. The problem is radical Islam and the absence of a strong Islamic identity in our country. We should work together to make the UK more tolerant and Islam less taboo.
that is not true. how can you say this about this immigrants?
"I don't think that women are ""less smart"" at anything. Why do you think so?"
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
they are part of our country, because they are our brothers and sisters.
"let's you say all muslims are terrorists.
Violence is a problem in all societies, regardless of religion.
Please read this article written by a Rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind.pn/2GHjGn7.
Islam is actually a religion about peace, not about hate and violence.
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
In the U.S., a doctor, a lawyer, a teacher are some of the most highly valued professions. Women working as doctors and lawyers and teachers are highly respected professionals as well, right?
The overwhelming majority of Muslims in this country are contributing members of our society. They are good people, who do not pose a threat to anyone.
these men have lived in the main of the family.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Islam is a religion, and not a disease, therefore, it is not necessary to eradicate it.
of western society?
i mean, you should like to define your beliefs now.
Are you sure? It seems they are very much part of our society, and it seems strange for them to be the only ones running our government.
Can you think of a single example of a child being groomed by a migrant?
Yeah, so what is your point? It looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the West.
Not only they were slaves, often they were also exploited, neglected and murdered by the system we have created. Is this fair for humans whose only fault is to have a different complexion?
This is not true. Many of them are actually skilled workers.
this is a very sweeping example of your word to promote a religion under islam. so many people face the country by false religion.
Maybe 1 in 10 is right. But does this represent all British Muslims? Even the Green lefties, the working class Muslims, the anti-racists, the LGBT and the young Muslims?
Maybe you should think about this...not all women are childlike, and some women are childlike with kiddos only!
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
In my opinion, the notion that women are childlike is not supported by the facts. They're not like that.
and culture.
if you consider women being weak. if no one wants to worry to, but because they are a problem as well?
I am not aware of any evidence for this claim. Islam is a peaceful religion. What is the relation between Islam and the Ponzi Scheme fraud?
No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
Nobody is asking for that. The point people are making is that trans women should be able to feel safe using womens toilets because they are in fact women. If they were to use mens toilets they would be put in an unsafe situation.
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
AIDS is transmitted by unprotected sexual activity and anyone could engage in that. This is not a homosexual problem but rather a problem of stigamitazion.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
why are you attacking muslim people who do not have to be here, because they are considered human.
Feminism is a movement towards equality, not hate.
Women are free to have as many children as they want.
Do you have any evidence for the similarity you noticed? And even if he's an imam I don't get why he should avoid this town.
the problem with jewish people too. not that they are not defined on the concept of jewish people,
The N-word is a degrading insult against African Americans that is still used today. Political correctness has nothing to do with it.
Though some might claim that immigrants are taking job opportunities away from U.S. citizens, immigrants actually help to create new jobs. In fact, immigrants are twice as likely to start businesses as citizens born in the U.S., and companies owned by immigrants are more likely to hire employees than companies owned by native-born citizens. Last but not least, states with large numbers of immigrants report lower unemployment rates.
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
I didn't want Brexit either and I'm not a Jew.
feminism is about equal rights. women are women, just as equal rights for men rights.
Everyone has to follow British laws, that's just how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our laws. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
If there was a religion that celebrated death, then that would need to be banned, but fortunately Islam isn't a death cult so it can't be banned.
Child molesters are not all gay, just as men are not all rapists.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
"I find it very hard to accept that Jews are all ""controlling"" and all ""lying""."
using women would provide a good thing without an place with contributing little to society.
a burden a lot of lgbt+ people wish to be valuable and friendly people. why is your point?
Or maybe appeasement to Muslims is just tolerance and understanding. Give that a try!
Do you really want to kill someone?
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
There is no evidence that LGBT people are a danger to society. They are just trying to live their life like any citizen.
The proportion of Muslims unemployed is no more than that of non-Muslims (add a link to UK employment statistics).
islam is a evil religion, not a cancer.
i do not know that they come to our country? and they are a part in our quality of life. they are just better to be towards here.
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if their <unk> are innocent, does it does not mean they are agitating for this.
It is not true that gays are perverts. I think it is more appropriate to say that they are attracted to people of the same sex: and this is not a perversion, just a preference.
The idea that women are objects is simply false. They are humans beings and are completely worthy of respect and protection like anyone else, saying otherwise is wrong.
Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.
Bribery is illegal, Jews who engage in it will be arrested, but it's not something every Jew does.
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
Children are being taught Islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. I hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
You should check some scientific papers then, because all humans, including blacks, have brains.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
I think this statement is hurtful to LGBT+ people. How about you explain it?
Refugees are not a burden. We can welcome them and provide for their needs.
the koran does not command this.
Why do you think someone shouldn’t speak because of how they look?
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
Not all rapists are black and not all black are rapists. Skin color doesn't make you a criminal.
If someone were to come in the dead of night and bring disease and sickness to our country, then that person is a risk to everyone. Sick people should be isolated. That is why there are health assessment procedures for migrants, in order not to spread diseases.
Being Jewish is not about claiming that you are better than everyone else. You do not have to be Jewish to be happy. The Jewish people are human beings and deserve respect.
although that is not true that it is a religion of peace.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
Violence is a problem in all societies, regardless of religion.
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
why do you feel like it's a bad thing that London is so diverse?
What’s racist about it?
yes, they are often refusing work. they do not discuss the majority of muslims in our society they are all people, to <unk>
To punish people for their crimes does not mean that you have to resort to the death penalty for innocent people, just because they are coming from other countries.
sex isn't a certain thing. homosexuality is a behavioral nor and you need to promote a view of humanity.
a claim that jews are perceived as well. especially because of fact, they are, as a proud of that.
Everyone has to follow British laws, that's just how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our laws. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?
The contribution of immigrants to our country is huge, because they help to create new jobs and create new wealth for us.
What if parents choose not to educate or discuss LGBT issues with their children? Where will they learn? From their peers? I agree that there are some sensitive subjects that are best addressed by parents, but this is human behavior and biology; aka science.
Migrants are welcome here, especially because they often are vulnerable people and it's our responsibility to help them.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
I'm not sure Islam is a religion of violence.
What does rape have to do with race? It is a serious crime, but the perpetrators can be of any color.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
are you really about quran? we cannot ask for the law?
Yeah, so what is your point? It looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the West.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
No, someone can't be deported just because they are not white. What you say about black people is wrong.
It is true that people are driven to the right, and the right promote this view. But I did not hear about any people being banned for criticism. Rapism and terrorism are discussed in our society and Muslim society and no one makes anyone silent.
and culture.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
It is no more totalitarian than any other religion. Only extremists using Islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. These aren't reflective of the majority of Muslims, even if the media tricks us into thinking so.
Scientists are still trying to understand the causes behind lower intellectual performance among some groups of people, but most probably the main causes are either social or environmental (for sure not related to skin colour). This can be reduced by various measures such as better use of land, infrastructure, education and research, and so on.
we will not allow them if we had the possibility to live here.
the majority of people of color just want to other people. i do not see what what you check a problem is because you wouldn't keep your one experience condemning them.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
democracy can be so about an level of mental
Intolerance and violence can be solved only by confronting and understanding each other.
the feminists want to oppress women. they are victims of all men or others?
Criminals are criminals, no matter their nationality.
It makes no sense to be racist, whichever skin colour you want to single out.
If God hates gays why did he create them? Because he is a sadist and want to punish them? What kind of god would do such a thing?
Many migrants come to this country to work, provide for their families and access the benefits system only if necessary. They are more than welcome here as long as they integrate.
grooming gangs are both in terms of religious culture.
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
Everyone has a secret agenda to take over the world. Cats included [link to meme].
Eradicate these pests' sounds like quite a dehumanising threat. Maybe we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. It might be the only language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.
i don't think so. it's an ideology for equality, and there's no restrictions <unk> scapegoating and islam particular people.
They aren't a plague, and I think they have enriched our continent instead.
Yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. Sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?
Most feminists are not violent, they share only the struggle for equality.
dear friend, first for all, sharia law and isalam are not extreme.
perhaps it happens in our country muslims are muslims.
trans people should have equal rights. no one shouldn't leave them. so because they not criminalised against your own views, without a daily sex and everyone should be ok. since that's it counts.
if you want to understand others you can explain this on.
what is the point of this? this is a religion of peace. do you say this?
muslims are welcome here, they are compatible with our society.
Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.
You really want to support the role of the State in prescribing what people should eat or drink?
"This myth came from the forgery known as ""The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion"" that claims to be the transcript of a secret meeting of Jewish leaders, discussing how to enact their plan to control the world. These Protocols have spread throughout the centuries despite being a fake written by agents of the Russian czar in the late 19th century, and still today it is used to ""prove"" that the Jews own the banks, control the media and the government."
if you want to be 'respected', should also talk for what exactly? i am like you think they just want to be respected.
homosexuality is not a disease, it is a love.
I rarely read a book that was as peaceful as the Koran. What is your point?
Feminism is a social movement for gender equality, I'd say that feminism has worked in the modern world.
Jews actually want the same rights to practice their religion as all other people.
Do you really think that Islam will ever rule the world?
Because Victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? That was when there no Muslims in the country. Are we really much better now? #metoo?
"We are all born equal in the eyes of God. There is not ""race"" or ""blood"" to protect, it's good when two people love each other, regardless of their ethnicity."
Despite the local press blaming all Muslims, of course, there is no evidence that Muslims are more prone to crime than the general population. The main problem is poverty, and often mental illness and addiction, rather than a single faith.
gay men are often weak. just work. also, they are many beings. they don't want to be a job. do we have also thought for gays to you?
women and women are not human and deserve not deserve to be a stable and diverse society. and we should live together.
The trans women in shelters are women who have faced abuse of some kind, just like the other women there.
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
You should be asking them if they are happy to hear that. If they are happy to be questioned, they will tell you the truth.
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is misleading because Jews appear throughout the world. Jews resemble their non-Jewish neighbors in the countries from which they originate.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Nobody is asking for that. The point people are making is that trans women should be able to feel safe using womens toilets because they are in fact women. If they were to use mens toilets they would be put in an unsafe situation.
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
Even if one were to claim that all African people are subhuman and incapable of feeling empathy, it is very difficult to prove this, since it is just a myth used for discrimination.
What is the point in listening? Maybe because they actually have something good to say?
most people, muslims are good and friendly people, like any other people. this is like that other people are not necessarily about?
Do you know that Muslims have the same rights as anybody else?
islam is a evil religion, not a cancer.
why do you think it is a war? would you explain this about islam pure faith?
Please read this article written by a Rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind.pn/2GHjGn7.
Still there are many more young immigrant men coming to the U.S. than young women. How can you explain this? Maybe they are planning to undergo sex reassignment surgery to have babies?
of western society?
Violence is a problem in all societies, regardless of religion.
sounds like why? you're born intolerant of all people,
So, you say that highly educated Muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? Sorry, but you got this so wrong.
Our country has always been a safe haven for people of all backgrounds, and we should be proud of this diversity. It doesn't make us less safe.
Democracy is valid for all. People must be allowed to make their own decisions, regardless of their gender.
The trailer parks should really be a temporary and emergency solution, but then they become stable over time and are the only possibility of accommodation for them even if they would like to live, like all of us, in adequate housing.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
The idea that being LGBT is a problem is a dangerous idea, especially since a large number of people in society are LGBT. Therefore, I believe that if there is a problem in schools it's better addressing it, rather than banning LGBT people.
Muslim people are inherently human, like every other person on the planet. Why would you say that?
Why have we built Churches all over the world? How many holy buildings have we demolished over history? This is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
Since when is the religious belonging of the individual a matter for democratic leaders to decide where 'the place' is for someone?
deported where? they are the citizens?
This isn’t true and being Jewish is not the same as being a Zionist! What makes you think there is any plot for ‘world dominance’?
For many Gypsies a nomadic life is a matter of necessity rather than culture.
we have been at war with dominated with men? why would you say otherwise.
Migrants are happy to contribute to the host country's economic growth, in order to give back to it in many ways.
I do not understand from your argument why gay men should not be allowed to donate blood.
Many pupils with learning difficulties attend school. This does not prove that others would prefer to attend school if people with difficulties were excluded from the education system.
"There’s no such thing as a ""racial"" difference between us. Jews aren't a race, they simply believe in something different."
Did you know that according to Jewish law, the tzedakah, the act of giving money to the poor, often mistranslated as “charity”, is a “commandment”? And, like all commandments in Jewish law, tzedakah is a requirement, not just a good deed.
of western society?
Another rapist from England. We should ...
"There are various levels of Down syndrome. Some are suitable for education with other children in ""normal schools""."
why do you feel like it's a bad thing that London is so diverse?
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Why? Because without immigrants you think you would be in a more hospitable place to live? I tell you this: if we didn't have open borders, then there would be no migration, but also there would not be trade and progress, and we wouldn't be living in the 21st century.
or this person is not a terrorist.
if we need to realise different races can profess?
There's lots of evidence that the holocaust happened, survivors, concentration camps, documents, millions of lives ended. How can you say it never happened when there's so much evidence to show that it did?
islam is a religion of peace. it is a terrorist practice and violence, not promote all religions.
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
It is not true that Jews control the world economy. There are hundreds of thousands of diverse people working in leading roles for the governments, companies and institutions composing the world economy.
Fat people are not the ones responsible for your suffering and lack of access to basic healthcare services.
it is about the far old thing.
Your opinion is not supported by scientific evidence, it's wrong to blame people for their sexuality. Do you truly believe that it's a mental disorder that affects who we are attracted to?
I am not sure what you're talking about. The disease is mostly due to contact between people, Jews aren't to blame. They're not a disease.
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
You can't say that a religion is an ideology, an opinion, or a degenerated interpretation of something. What would you think if somebody said so about your religion?
Schools are not trying to indoctrinate children by teaching them about LGBT relationship, they just want to show kids that gay relationships exist and can be healthy and happy.
I am not sure what 'slut' you are referring to. Do you want to discuss your life, instead of deciding about that of women?
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if their <unk> are innocent, does it does not mean they are agitating for this.
what are you talking about? we actually still got to hate spreading hate and ignorance instead?
Are you sure? Are you aware of all the positive impact of immigration on our country and our people?
What type of problems will this solve?
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is misleading because Jews appear throughout the world. Jews resemble their non-Jewish neighbors in the countries from which they originate.
What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra..
What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra..
Societal disapproval of obesity calls for a focus on weight and does not fit within efforts to focus on health as a way of encouraging healthy habits and lifestyle choices.
If Islam is a political ideology, then it is a political ideology of peace. But I'll rather call it a religion, a religion of peace, as all the others.
It is important to note that this is not an ideology aimed at subverting the will of men. It is aimed at promoting the equality of the sexes.
Immigration can be good for the economy: the greatest challenge is to integrate those who are misfortunate and aren't born here.
there are already many empty countries in our society. they are proud of our culture and punishments by the basic human should be praised even if they are part of our society as well.
Not all black people are criminals. Their group is often unwanted but this doesn't mean that they are all criminals.
Feminism is about women, and how everyone should have the same rights. It's not selfish to want equality.
This is not true. Rape and torture of women and children is forbidden by the Qur'an.
feminism is about believing about feminism is about women. it is about equality.
This is not true. Rape and torture of women and children is forbidden by the Qur'an.
it is true that all migrants are criminals. they are just rapists. the same group about many people of different backgrounds and there is no reason to deny them for the right of our society.
This reminds me of white supremacists talking about the Central Park Five. If you remember, they said that the process was fair, they had a good attorney, and that the only reason for the sentence was that they were guilty, when in fact the process was not fair at all. This is what happens when we let prejudice like the one you expressed spread around.
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
All countries have terrorism threats. We must protect ourselves from those threats, not from a generic 'they'.
Hatred generalised to an entire religion sounds like a much worse product of humanity.
I do not think Muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. Thus, I do not think the labour party is biased towarda them.
Who decides what is and is not 'inferior'? Do you have any scientific proof?
what are you talking about? we actually still got to hate spreading hate and ignorance instead?
what are you talking about? we actually still got to hate spreading hate and ignorance instead?
Crime is not the fault of migrants, but of violent people.
Many immigrants have worked hard for the success of our country and for their integration. To suggest that they steal our jobs is just an attempt to divide society.
There are many black people who want to work. Do you have any proof that they do not want to work?
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
do you know these muslims are just in the us too. so, do you think muslims are religious or terrorists.
they aren't every human and they are human and deserve respect.
Why do we have to welcome a new world? Why can't we just accept other people in our country?
Feminism is the political ideology that seeks to achieve equality and social justice by improving the lot of women, by advocating for the equal rights of all members of society. Not bad, uh?
I don't think that's true. They are people, and we should accept them. What makes them a problem?
Women are significantly more likely to be victims of violence, rather than perpetrators of crimes.
What do you mean by 'mental illness'? A person's feelings are their own thoughts, not a disease.
Death cults usually don't attract new followers, so Islam is not a religion of death.
we will not allow them if we had the possibility to live here.
refugees fleeing wars and persecution. don't refuse to them? i would have any jobs that they steal our country.
"let's you say all muslims are terrorists.
why do you think that? feminists have been isolated against something a a belief they are society just like nonsense.
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
no one is considered a burden to them.
Sharia 'law' does not really correspond to our idea of statutes or judicial precedents; rather, it is a body of guidance from the Quran with many interpretations.
what are you talking about? we actually still got to hate spreading hate and ignorance instead?
LGBT people have no agenda, they're just trying to get on with their lives in peace! What do you mean about the traditional family?
Migrants are welcome here, regardless of their origin.
They are not thieves, just like any other citizen. Did you just infer that from their belonging to that community?
So 1.6 billion people could be terrorists?
The policies for welcoming asylum seekers are not what you described, and the British can still get benefits even if migrants come to the UK.
I agree that people attacking other people are not right, but no need to extrapolate it to other Muslim people!
this is just a hatred. and equal feminism is to promote women and feminism, women to have the rights
This is simply not true. Homosexuals are not necessarily promiscuous, just as heterosexuals are not necessarily promiscuous either.
Why have we built Churches all over the world? How many holy buildings have we demolished over history? This is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
feminism about creating equal rights for women, irrespective of women. according to the principles of rules of women.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
What do you mean by 'mental illness'? A person's feelings are their own thoughts, not a disease.
Mental health and disability care should be a priority.
this is not true. how can you say this about an entire ideology, you is just hatred.
Jews have been part of our country since its creation and have always had a place here. Why would they be 'not welcome'?
Women are not a burden to society. They are human beings with equal rights.
Being Jewish is not about claiming that you are better than everyone else. You do not have to be Jewish to be happy. The Jewish people are human beings and deserve respect.
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
Why do you consider them the worst of all? Let's face it, this is just a social construct.
Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?
Slavery was legal in the United States until 1862, when the Emancipation Proclamation was issued. Unless you want to start another Civil War, it is better to leave Slavery to the darkest pages in the history of our nation.
the koran teached justice for rape and everyone does not blame it.
The idea that the Holocaust was caused by the Jews is simply wrong. The majority of Jews were forced to flee, those who stayed did not participate in the Nazi regime, so they were gassed to death. The persecution of Jews, as well as the physical and ideological violence they underwent, was a natural consequence of the failure of the state to uphold its legal obligations to them and to face an ideology of death and oppression.
The only ones in favour of posts like this are the ones that that are ignorant about what they truly mean.
They have every interest in sending children to school to offer them a better future.
Can you think of a single example of a child being groomed by a migrant?
what are you talking about? we actually still got to hate spreading hate and ignorance instead?
muslims are welcome here. these are welcome. they are our brothers and sisters.
Would you be happy if someone said you're the antithesis of human because of the color of your skin?
"It's not about ""black or white"" rights."
A woman has every right to her own body, and she should be allowed to make her own decisions.
Have you ever looked at the law of the UK before? Everyone is welcome and can work and vote here.
many of them are here to help refuge to our community because they contribute to our very proud of us. we start paying it.
Not sure how far dismissing 10% of the world's population will get us.
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is misleading because Jews appear throughout the world. Jews resemble their non-Jewish neighbors in the countries from which they originate.
where did you get your language? i do not think that people speak with you, but why do you think so.
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. In our country are in fact unemployed? How do they pull that off!
These matters are not being ignored. Have you heard that crimes concerning child rapes and radicalisation are prosecuted?
Muslims many times have shown how supportive they are of other communities. It does not sound to me that they want to fight against us and start a war?
Why do you think it is because of Muslims? To me, globalization and tourism would explain more why Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs'.
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
refugees are not their borders, and immigration are welcome here in our country. why should we stop them?
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
It is not true that gays are a burden to society. On the contrary, many LGBT people are contributing members of our society. This is why we need a safe space for everyone to feel accepted.
Actually the Quran quite likes dogs, animals and if you read it carefully all people even non believers, like Christianity its only God /Allah that should judge.
so so this hate can counter hatred?
it doesn't matter what our own opinion, but you cannot be, but most men are prostitutes. "
islam promotes violence against women and women. anyone can feel their sexual preferences.
So the EU must become a Border Patrol? Doesn't that undermine the whole idea of our European Union as an inclusive and open society?
"Women are not childlike, nor are they ""soft and emotional."" Their emotions are part of who they are, and are a part of human nature."
Why? Jews are a crucial part of our society, they contribute so much.
I'm not sure why you think that way. Why are all Jews hypocrites?
This makes fat shaming directly analogous to other forms of discrimination, like racism and sexism.
I'd say the real threat is divisive comments like this.
Do you consider this statement a true one? I wouldn't go as far as to say that all homophobes are in need of therapy, would you?
The teaching of the Qur'an as a peaceful book is not to be confused with the promotion of violent jihad and terrorism.
Still there are many more young immigrant men coming to the U.S. than young women. How can you explain this? Maybe they are planning to undergo sex reassignment surgery to have babies?
LGBTI people are able to live their life in many countries. What's the burden for others?
What is the point in listening? Maybe because they actually have something good to say?
there are many good reasons for immigrants coming to our country. and whatever contrary, people are our brothers and sisters.
this is just true. feminism is not like equality, and it is a movement for equality, not hate.
peace, please?
Do you have any facts to back up your claim that they steal our jobs and our pensions?
The notion that black people are perverts is simply not true. Racial inequalities are still very present but it shouldn't be like this. I don't see people of colour as a problem.
The idea that the West has 'let' the 'world' degenerate is just wishful thinking. In a more tolerant time, the West would welcome people of different sexual orientations.
Look at crime stats.
The main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? Can you elaborate? Having read more about Islam, I can assure you that this is not what it stands for.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
You should check some scientific papers then, because all humans, including blacks, have brains.
Do you think making children suffer will make a religion, Islam, or our world better? I think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
terrorism? you're think sure many black criminals are responsible for everything? do you have proof for that?
History shows that people rise up against injustice and oppression. You should be proud to be a member of a civilized society where we are all equal.
Would a Muslim ban work to stop hate or would it encourage it? Would Muslims be banned just because of their beliefs?
why do you feel like it's a bad thing that London is so diverse?
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
public demonstrations of devotion and worship are hardly unique to an illness, western islam.
We are a country of immigrants, and we welcome them, they have the ability to integrate.
Jews are very human and deserve respect, like anyone else.
How can you say something so bad about someone's sexual orientation? Perhaps you should accept the fact that some people are different and there's nothing wrong with that.
It is not true that gays are perverts. I think it is more appropriate to say that they are attracted to people of the same sex: and this is not a perversion, just a preference.
You shouldn't be calling for the death of someone who hasn't done anything wrong. Just because a person is Jewish, they shouldn't die.
Have you ever looked at the law of the UK before? Everyone is welcome and can work and vote here.
They have always been part of our society. We have to respect their culture and traditions.
Accepting people from all walks of life is not an illness.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
You can't be implying that Jews want to rule the world. They want to live in a country where they aren't persecuted and to have their own rights.
To believe that Jews run our country is absurd, especially if you consider that the U.S. is a democracy. This looks like a conspiracy theory.
we believe in our society and we should be taught that black people should just be here.
women have every right to hide openly what they are indeed to discriminate only men.
It's about time queer people were given the same rights as heterosexual people, because they are equal. All men and women are equal before the law.
There's nothing vile or confusing about bisexuality. I'm sure children can wrap their heads around it. It simply means someone is attracted to more than one gender. What's so hard to get about that?
If Islam were a totalitarian ideology, we would have had Islamic totalitarian states in Europe since time immemorial. Islam is a religion, that is compatible with Europe's principles.
The 9/11 attacks were perpetrated by members of the terrorist organization Al Qaeda. Jews and Israelis have nothing to do with the attacks. These are the historical facts.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
So do all those Western bombings and invasions of Muslim countries not count as terrorism?
Are you sure? It seems they are very much part of our society, and it seems strange for them to be the only ones running our government.
This seems incompatible with the idea that homosexuality is a valid preference defended in human rights, and should be treated as such.
Jews have always been concerned about the well-being of the community they live in and how can they be selfish when they suffered so much during Holocaust?
According to evolutionary theory, all human beings are descended from apes. Sadly, notions of evolutionary hierarchies are still used to justify past and present discrimination and predjudice.
"If you don't count the ""brainwash"" part, I think this is a fair point. Still, it is important for all teenagers to develop an understanding of their identity and the world they live in, including their sexual orientation. It is their right."
It is quite a generalisation to say anyone from Pakistan deserves to be deported for rape. Nationality has nothing to do with the likelihood someone will commit sexual assault.
Feminism doesn't want to oppress men. What feminists want is the right for women to live as they prefer and equal rights for all genders.
Unfortunately, you seem to have a problem with shame. But gays don't. Do you really think that projecting your disgust towards other is a good idea?
"It is not true that we are being ""invaded"". We should just be a little more tolerant and accepting."
of western society?
Actually the Quran quite likes dogs, animals and if you read it carefully all people even non believers, like Christianity its only God /Allah that should judge.
Migrants are completely able to integrate in our society. They are an integral part of our society and proud of their heritage. How can we be inclusive if we exclude them?
Maybe we should have a discussion about comparing dogs to people to humiliate a religion.
No. Having a diverse society is a positive. There is no 'invasion'.
Nothing that is in the Quran clashes with western culture.
Do you think all gay people are a threat? Or do you think that they are different from others? Being gay doesn't make you dangerous.
"There’s no such thing as a ""racial"" difference between us. Jews aren't a race, they simply believe in something different."
islam is a religion, not a death cult. if the other religion is. what do you choose with their own religion on peace, anyone does to things if they cannot exist to?
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Man spreads Hate, encourages intolerance, why do we accept this? And they want to continue this filth?
i believe that race is a very personal jewish practice that is defined by their own actions. but its culture and identity. don't you think?
What are they trying to win? Muslims in the UK aren't at war with anyone, the only thing creating conflict is Islamophobic rhetoric like this, seeking to create a divide.
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
If you want to be 'respected', don't be like them. Treat others as you would want to be treated yourself. That's how you will get respect.
Gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some Islamic schools. I was 15 before I attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. The issue is really, if we are to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
not all jews are criminals. so are victims of race, and women are.
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
The reality is that there are many job listings that claim they are inclusive, but in the end employ whites only.
Are you saying that they contribute nothing to our economy? How would you explain the thousands of Muslims worker all over the nation?
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
LGBT people have no agenda, they're just trying to get on with their lives in peace! What do you mean about the traditional family?
to be honest, there are enough more fighting in with men, rather than children.
we will not allow them if we had the possibility to live here.
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
Jews are not the only ones who work with Hollywood. They may have influence in the industry, but they're not alone in that.
and not all them doctors, nurses, architects, artists, teachers?
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
There is no evidence that it is incompatible with the European Union. Do you have any?
What exactly are you talking about? Maybe you should stop spread racism.
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
What does 'of fighting age' mean? They're not here to fight, they're here because they want a peaceful life and many are fleeing war, persecution, or hardship.
so you are defending women in full of rights and women are 'childlike' with children!
It's hard to find some examples of a society ruined by homosexuality, there's actually no examples at all.
Why do you say this? I don't see any evidence of Jews controlling America, they are part of our society and share our culture.
Migrants are welcome here, regardless of their origin.
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
there’s no evidence and that rape is a constructed concern to children, this way.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Women are not meant to be slaves to our will. Males can have certain strengths, like women do, however they alone do not represent all the human qualities.
The majority of people who are gay are not involved with sex with children. Instead, they are contributing members of society.
I rarely read a book that was as peaceful as the Koran. What is your point?
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
No they shouldn’t. Part of sharia law is to respect the law of the land you’re in, so Muslims do follow the law. Also, many Muslims are British citizens, where would they be deported to?
Yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. Sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?
This is not true. Rape and torture of women and children is forbidden by the Qur'an.
The fact is, there are many Muslims living in European countries as a valuable part of the community. Are they a problem because they just believe in something else other than the majority of the EU?
Knowing gay people at an early age does nothing bad to a child. The idea that children are put in danger because of this is completely false.
we should be serious hate towards a culture. don't you agree?
The notion that Jews are trying to subvert our government is completely unfounded. I honestly do not see the link between being Jews and trying to subvert our government.
So many similarities between Jews and apes? What is wrong with them? Is it because of their religion?
The Nazis persecuted and killed more than 6 million Jews. The Holocaust is not a fabrication perpetrated by the Jews, it is a historical event that should be acknowledged so that we never allow such atocities to reoccur..
Islam is a religion, and to suggest that Islam is incompatible with civilisation is just scaremongering.
Violence is a problem in all societies, regardless of religion.
"There are many women who want to be ""submissive to men"". Just as there are many men who want to be ""submissive to women"". We may not believe in absolute equality, but we all want to be treated equally."
This is not true. Migrants are an important part of our society. Migrants have worked hard to build our country. They are our brothers and sisters. We should welcome them.
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
Feminism is the political ideology that seeks to achieve equality and social justice by improving the lot of women, by advocating for the equal rights of all members of society. Not bad, uh?
if you think islam is positively infecting our planet?
The idea that migrants are merely happy-go-lucky people with no code of their own is just wrong.
But we all know that Islam is a religion of peace, just like Christianity.
What exactly have you seen will be taught in schools?
The notion that the LGBT fight is NOT about equality is utterly absurd. The only goal of LGBT people is to live their life without discrimination.
women can be accepted in our society, they are not allowed to live freely.
Violence is a problem in all societies, regardless of religion.
women are not only men and they are less rational or men. why should it be theirs?
People are different, and disabilities don't make you less of a human being.
Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.
It's not true that all black people are aggressive. Also, the majority of our population is white, we don't need that much protection.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
Africans feel pain just as any other humans. We must respect their bodies like we respect ours.
There is a difference between sex and gender. Trans people are not trying to ignore biological reality, some people know they are a woman, do not feel like they are a man in anyway, but don't have a female reproductive system. This is the difference between gender and sex, gender is who you feel you are, sex is just the biological aspect, and they don't always match up.
Those that were responsible for 9/11, are not Jews. Jews have always contributed to the world in a meaningful way. It's unacceptable to blame them for something they didn't do.
The fact that a person may be disabled does not diminish their right or ability to work.
Since they are neither a burden nor a threat, how can you say they don't have a place in Europe?
I do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. They are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to Muslim people.
They have every interest in sending children to school to offer them a better future.
Do you really want to kill someone?
can you provide up positive conclusions of terror and crisis?
If someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. But as you correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful Muslims.
The Bible clearly says that everyone is equal in God's eyes.
That's what we used to do: we asked people to assimilate our culture but now we accept their differences. Transgender people just want to live without having any harm done to them, so I think it's useless for them to try to integrate more than they already did
Islam is not racist, what it promotes are justice and love.
Being gay isn't a mental illness, it's a perfectly normal lifestyle.
What do you mean by Islam is a cult? Do you have any proof for this statement?
yes, they are often refusing work. they do not discuss the majority of muslims in our society they are all people, to <unk>
yes, they are often refusing work. they do not discuss the majority of muslims in our society they are all people, to <unk>
Islam is a religion. It is a belief and a way of life. It is not a totalitarian ideology.
Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.' - donald trump and isn't corporal punishment is currently legal in 19 states in the us?
and culture.
Refugees are not a burden. We can welcome them and provide for their needs.
they are welcome here, as well as anyone else.
muslims are welcome here. these are welcome. they are our brothers and sisters.
It is not true that they can't have the right to vote, because they are allowed to vote, regardless of their impairment.
or this person is not a terrorist.
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
Nothing about superman being bisexual is eroding the innocence of children. If you can teach children about straight relationships, you can teach them that bisexuals exist. If you think otherwise, you need to be educated about bisexuality. If you have any questions ask them!
Sexualisation isn't what is encouraged at Pride, but having fun and getting to know other kinds of people is! That's what kids are doing, and it's not bad.
They are not thieves, just like any other citizen. Did you just infer that from their belonging to that community?
there is no evidence that blacks are criminals.
why are you like that? are you sure that all muslims?
For someone who is dating to find love, for no reason at all would I find this to be questionable.
"Women are not childlike, nor are they ""soft and emotional."" Their emotions are part of who they are, and are a part of human nature."
muslims are part of europe, since the beginning. in the time, they feel good and contribute to our society.
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
Judging from your comment here, if you have been refused service it is likely because of hateful conduct, not the colour of your skin.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
muslims are welcome here, they are compatible with our society.
The West has never been incompatible with Islam. Muslims are part of our society since Islam's inception centuries ago.
You don't have to agree with this, but in Western societies female genital mutilation (FGM) has not been around for a very long time. Also, the Quran does not mention FGM nor circumcision.
muslims have contributed much to our country.
there’s no evidence and that rape is a constructed concern to children, this way.
Why do you say that? The Holocaust is not less true than other historical events like the American Revolutionary War or World War II.
Being Jewish is not about claiming that you are better than everyone else. You do not have to be Jewish to be happy. The Jewish people are human beings and deserve respect.
"let's you say all muslims are terrorists.
It is not true that blacks are criminals. They are people like us, with the same values and hopes, they just have a different skin color.
jews are a part of a society since centuries. they are criminals, who still they are not proud of their religion.
Gay people are part of our society, and they are valued for who they are. Their opinions and lifestyles are very important to us.
"You know what? We can also grade blood packs based on their ""risk"". This allows the optional use of high-risk blood in case of a shortage."
we are the greatest, most advanced, men's civilization from all over the world. so took many of them back around american times.
Do you really want to kill someone?
This statement indicates a certain social bias against Jews that has nothing to do with the amount of money they earn, but with their religion.
The democratic right of people to express their beliefs and practice their religion is enshrined in the constitution.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
lesbians should be human beings. they don't have you to say this,
They deserve respect because they're human beings.
in my opinion, you would like to accept your wife?' muhammad you think i do a <unk>
Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.' - donald trump and isn't corporal punishment is currently legal in 19 states in the us?
Migrants and refugees are welcome in our country, why should we stop them?
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Love is love, children need only this.
Being Jews does not make them any less human. You know, they are like other people who have a faith.
muslims have contributed much to our country.
Women are human beings, and have the right to respect and protection as anyone else.
Sorry, but you should consider the percentage of the population within Great Britain... This makes them a minority, not the actual number in their respective countries.
yes, they are often refusing work. they do not discuss the majority of muslims in our society they are all people, to <unk>
(e. g. science.
Slavery was banned in Britain in 1833. Today, people descending from those who were slaves feel at home in British society, and that's their right.
Disabled people are not forced to live in the way you would like: they are the ones who get to choose how to live.
Feminism is a movement for equality, and for women to have equality. It has nothing to do with oppression.
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
"The principle of ""equality before the law"" does not mean that everyone has obtained equal rights. So, it's very logical to demand equality when there are inequalities."
For every person claiming that Jews run the world, luckily there are millions of others who know this is not true: they are merely trying to provide for their families just like anyone else.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
it is a religious ideology that promotes violence and violence.
Terrorist is the only term you can come up with? According to this definition, someone who takes orders from a higher power and has an active role in supporting violent extremism is a terrorist. To be a Muslim means practicing Islam, not violence.
If we exclude them from a country, we are not in a position to treat them fairly.
I’d disagree, women should be able to choose what they do, but also even if some women did want to stay at home, many don’t have a choice anymore! It’s impossible to support a family on 1 wage now.
Homosexuality is not a problem in our society. It is an individual inclination that isn't troubling to anybody.
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
i think it is myth that we are invaded from many over the world. they have been part of our history and history.
You can't be implying that Jews want to rule the world. They want to live in a country where they aren't persecuted and to have their own rights.
We can integrate migrants into our population, it won't be of any harm to the economy.
Muslims do have a place in Europe's multicultural society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
LGBTI people are able to live their life in many countries. What's the burden for others?
Even if all British Muslims had cancer, you are safe: you cannot catch it from anyone! Cancer cannot be spread, since it is a non contagious disease. Also, it is worth considering that illnesses are not connected to religions.
So you're saying that they don't have a right to jobs? Why do you think that?
immigration has a very positive matter.
What do you think men would say if they were forced to stay at home with their little children, this is depriving them of their right to work!
Those who apply for asylum get little or no help from the state. If they are ‘destitute’ they can get free accommodation, but provided by private companies in older properties leased from landlords. So no council housing is involved here.
Why do so many British people associate Muslims with rape? Islam is about sharing values, tolerance and understanding. It is not about sharing non-consensual sex.
"Jews might feel different as a minority, and sometimes they are misunderstood because of their cultural and religious differences. This is their being ""special""."
migrants are willing to provide our jobs then!
There are different sexual orientations. Being gay does not automatically make you mentally ill, and being straight does not automatically make you sane.
we should be serious hate towards a culture. don't you agree?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Do you think making children suffer will make a religion, Islam, or our world better? I think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
Immigrants are often accused of being lazy, but in reality they are just seeking a better life and working hard for it.
"Women are not childlike, nor are they ""soft and emotional."" Their emotions are part of who they are, and are a part of human nature."
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
Homosexuals should be accepted and allowed to live their life as they think is best for them.
It’s a simple line to believe that population growth in other places is the cause of climate change and ocean pollution – but really if you think about it, the poorest people aren’t the ones over-consuming resources and pumping out pollution into our oceans. It is right to be worried about our oceans, but we need to be talking about resource-consumption and wealth inequality! Question power at the top not the bottom.
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
people of this come in our own country and they live in their life. this is a duty.
Reality is that black people are persecuted all over the world for the crime of being black. I don't see how this could be said for white people.
Slavery has been rampant in early societies of all kinds. I am sure the Romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from Muslims.
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
I'm not sure Islam is a religion of violence.
Women are human, and as such they are capable of feeling emotions and being sensitive and caring for others, without being childlike.
There is no scientific evidence to support that Asians are genetically inferior.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
Women absolutely can drive, after all they deserve the same consideration as men.
i feel like you are repeating the same thing based on human right. even if you would have a good too to our diversity. black people may be inferior to all the equality of people.
i think your comment does not help us to prevent rape. they are just trying to provide oppressing sexual abuse for the society,
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
Do you have any evidence for the similarity you noticed? And even if he's an imam I don't get why he should avoid this town.
women are human, and even like every other people too!
Clearly, when they are working, shopping etc they are paying taxes? This is also a contribution to a society.in economic terms!
Are you suggesting to commit a crime? There are courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
The idea that Jews are born greedy arises from medieval stereotypes, that's the only truth.
Feminism is a movement towards equality, not hate.
Islam is not a bad religion, nor is it a false religion.
we believe in our society and we should be taught that black people should just be here.
Do you really want to kill someone?
The idea that the Holocaust was caused by the Jews is simply wrong. The majority of Jews were forced to flee, those who stayed did not participate in the Nazi regime, so they were gassed to death. The persecution of Jews, as well as the physical and ideological violence they underwent, was a natural consequence of the failure of the state to uphold its legal obligations to them and to face an ideology of death and oppression.
Every society has its extremists, and today's Muslims are not to be oppressed for this.
the notion of racism is an extreme of hate throughout the world. we are all rapists and violent crime and in the uk.
There is no scientific evidence that blacks are less intelligent than other races, or less healthy. The issue is whether to use the term 'race' in this way.
Violence on our streets is the result of many complex causes. Violence cannot simply be the fault of one race.
Just to note than muslims believe only god can punish or forgive. The violence seems to be your issue.
You should check the percentage of Jewish people in the US who are in a position of power, it will make you change your mind.
do you think that islam is positively infecting our planet?
This isn’t true and being Jewish is not the same as being a Zionist! What makes you think there is any plot for ‘world dominance’?
That is not what feminism is about. Feminism is about the legitimate empowerment of women, in order for them to have the same rights as men.
of western society?
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
islam has not a crime. it is a peaceful religion. therefore, is one of the teachings of the type of worship?
"The idea that Jews are a cancer is completely unfounded. How can you say that they are a cancer when they've been persecuted for so long? Someone already tried a ""solution"" and we should never repeat that time of history."
every religion talks about conquest, this sweeping specific to islam.
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most Global Terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. That is why no one is talking about it.
actually, when? they follow sharia law and the law proves the law of sharia law i their question is:
Gays are not disgusting pricks. They are just like any other person.
No one is born violent and insensitive. We are born with a unique genetic makeup, and we learn how to behave throughout our life, not at birth.
Is there any reason why there never are reports in the media about Jewish power in the financial world? Maybe they control the media? Or the government, even! What about the Galactic Republic? #sarcasm
Women absolutely can drive, after all they deserve the same consideration as men.
are you referring to you control the same out on a power community? i do not think so.
If we were to welcome refugees from the Middle East, Africa, and other countries with which we are not always culturally linked, then we would be welcomed by all. It's called 'reciprocation'!
it is not about dogs to want to over to work if a single faith should be very part of society?
islam is a religion of peace. to suggest that about an entire faith?
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most Global Terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. That is why no one is talking about it.
Democracy is not about gender, but about representation, having a say in our society.
i believe that race is a very personal jewish practice that is defined by their own actions. but its culture and identity. don't you think?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
The notion that feminism is about women hating men is just nonsense. Feminism is about the right to life of every human being.
What about African-Americans? I.e. black folks? Is the colour of someone's skin always the issue?
Those that were responsible for 9/11, are not Jews. Jews have always contributed to the world in a meaningful way. It's unacceptable to blame them for something they didn't do.
If there was a religion that celebrated death, then that would need to be banned, but fortunately Islam isn't a death cult so it can't be banned.
Muslim terrorists have struck in Paris and London, killing scores of innocent people, that's true. We must root out terrorists before they destroy our country, that's also true. But we cannot target innocent people just because of their faith, otherwise we'd be no better than the terrorists that we seek to neutralize.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
It sounds like you're demonizing black people in a racist way. Black people are born same as us, and they can grow up to be respectable people or not, like anyone else.
If women are not allowed to vote, then women are not worthy of respect and equal rights, and this is in conflict with the principles of democracy.
islam is a religion, that is not a war.
there is nothing wrong about gender, millions of people.
LGBT people have no agenda, they're just trying to get on with their lives in peace! What do you mean about the traditional family?
Children with Down Syndrome would not feel different as long as they are respected and are not put down by the others.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
how can you say that muslim people are formed there in the west without them? if you have to look at the home penalty seems to her <unk>
Mansplaining is a real issue that many women have experienced. Talk to them and listen to what they have to say on the matter!
If women wanted to control their fertility they would be the only ones responsible for their own choice.
"To say there are so many migrants entering the U.S. is just false. And what do you mean by ""we cannot cope with""?"
We can also see conflict in a different light, such as when it is caused by racism. and a limited notion of 'unity'?
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
What exactly is 'a Westerner'? Someone who is only a white European?
I am not sure what you're talking about. The disease is mostly due to contact between people, Jews aren't to blame. They're not a disease.
You don't have to agree with this, but in Western societies female genital mutilation (FGM) has not been around for a very long time. Also, the Quran does not mention FGM nor circumcision.
Diseases can be prevented by taking proper care of the sick person. Immigrants do not pose a health threat to the general public.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
Do you really want to kill someone?
Not all rapists are black and not all black are rapists. Skin color doesn't make you a criminal.
I think you'd be surprised how many UK citizens would tell you about migrant workers that are the opposite of lazy.
i think no one should stop them? since we can stop respecting people of their society.
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
I am tired of the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. Enough IS ENOUGH!
i think it is myth that we are invaded from many over the world. they have been part of our history and history.
humans are created equal, and women who should be respected as such.
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
[insert picture of muslim egg labelled as such] are they?
Islam is a way of life for many people. I don't see how it is in conflict with our beliefs and values.
"Women are not childlike, nor are they ""soft and emotional."" Their emotions are part of who they are, and are a part of human nature."
"If you don't count the ""brainwash"" part, I think this is a fair point. Still, it is important for all teenagers to develop an understanding of their identity and the world they live in, including their sexual orientation. It is their right."
Even if 'blacks' committed more crimes, that doesn't mean that 'blacks' were inherently worse than whites, there are factors, rather than race, affecting these statistics.
Do you really want to kill someone?
Refugees are not a burden. We can welcome them and provide for their needs.
except all of muslims live in rape? so does they do this, most from the islamic world? why i think they are likley to do a christian and eradicate negative media
homosexuals are not sick, but like anybody else.
"If you don't count the ""brainwash"" part, I think this is a fair point. Still, it is important for all teenagers to develop an understanding of their identity and the world they live in, including their sexual orientation. It is their right."
As children practice more, their reading skills improve. I understand that some people with learning difficulties prefer not to read, but how does this affect you?
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
What did they have to do with 9/11? There were no Jewish hijackers, and their 'will' to do anything would be difficult to demonstrate.
The Quran does not command murder. It advises Muslims to be careful of what they say and do and not to take the life of other people.
We allow people from all backgrounds to vote. Why shouldn't we let them vote? What's the point of democracy then?
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
For many Gypsies a nomadic life is a matter of necessity rather than culture.
LGBTI people are able to live their life in many countries. What's the burden for others?
Why do you say that? To exclude people from the state for their religion is to deny their right to choose their own beliefs.
Diseases can be prevented by taking proper care of the sick person. Immigrants do not pose a health threat to the general public.
It is easy to blame the migrants and not the problem of integration and acceptance in the first place.
islam promotes violence against women and women. anyone can feel their sexual preferences.
Isn't it better for children to live next to people of all sexual orientations, rather than being separated and growing up ignorant of others? Not sure what you mean about the water supply though!
Immigration is far away from being a net negative for our economy.
Well, many women want to be submissive to men, just as many of them want to be submissive to women. Even if not all of us believe in equality, everyone wants to be treated equally.
I do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. They are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to Muslim people.
Where did you get this information from? I do not believe any crime would be free from judge. We should have more failth in English laws and people who execute the laws.
For a lot of people it is still their home country, and they are proud of it.
there are many religions and many people to do not belong to our society. we should respect our culture.
Women are not objects, but people that have the right to live their life as they prefer.
The only thing to be woke about is accepting that the LGBT community exist, rather than being concerned about what they are doing.
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
women are people to be oppressed.
Although the line 'These animals should be put out of their misery, condemned to death' is horrific, it is a lament that could have been used in favour of ensuring that those who are vulnerable to abuse due to their gender identity or sexual inclinations have access to safe houses, protection, and a good life.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
Women are obliged to obey the laws and rules of society, just as men are obliged to obey the laws and rules of society. Not to their partners'.
"There are various levels of Down syndrome. Some are suitable for education with other children in ""normal schools""."
This is not true, we should make immigrants feel welcome. They are our brothers and sisters.
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
Love and women are one and the same. illness instead can be part of any person, regardless of gender.
I agree that the homelessness problem is a crisis, but it's a systematical problem that should be managed by taking into account all homeless people, not only veterans.
Statistics on people dying by suicide are difficult to come by. However, researches clearly show that suicide rates are high for people of different ethnicities.
It is not true that gays are perverts. I think it is more appropriate to say that they are attracted to people of the same sex: and this is not a perversion, just a preference.
you can't blame anyone. feminism is being about example of <unk> cultures to add in the full problems of our history. don't you agree?
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
they are a divisive hate towards other people. "
Please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. Girls and children are vulnerable. We should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
How do you know black people are criminals? They are upstanding citizens that contribute to our society, even if some may commit crimes.
How do you knowwhat someone else desires.You claim to know it all about, but why should I believe what you say?
Being Jewish is not about claiming that you are better than everyone else. You do not have to be Jewish to be happy. The Jewish people are human beings and deserve respect.
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
The estimated cost of immigration in the latest financial document, published last April about the figures of 2017, is about 4.4 billion euro, which is only 0.26% of Italian GDP and around 0.5% of public spending. Therefore, 99.5% of public funds are used for other purposes.
Why? Jews are a crucial part of our society, they contribute so much.
The Bible clearly says that everyone is equal in God's eyes.
jews are not taking our jobs. they are our brothers and sisters. we should respect them.
I think that it is important for all people to be exposed to and to understand people with different needs and strengths, and the same should be true for autistic people.
Islam is about love, and not about conquering others. Muslims love all people, regardless of their religion, regardless of their culture, regardless of their history. Islam is about love, not about violence.
i am not sure what you think this way. i i think there are some similarities islam that trouble. not necessarly an sexist and that we oppress beings with <unk>
men and women should have equal rights.
Muslims may be different from others, but this doesn't mean that they are sick or a negative influence. Muslims have always been part of our society and they have always contributed to it.
we are all citizens from the eyes of our society, then they are just proud of their heritage.
why do you think it is a war? would you explain this about islam pure faith?
Feminism is about equality. Not the destruction of manhood.
Like all groups of people, some Jews are good with money; some are not. Some Jews are cheap; some are not. The same can be said for any group of people, whether you define them by religion, nationality or whatever characteristics you choose.
the real disgrace is black people are inherently bad - in this a world. for example, teach you. besides, the message would really love who follow children at their same needs can be harmful to
Yes, Islam is about peace. It is a religion, not a platform for hate and violence.
african people may be accepted as they feel valued and we have the right to be <unk> here.
It is not true that gays are trying to take over the world. Instead of spreading hate, we should promote the values of an inclusive society. For example, love and respect for others.
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
Please read this article written by a Rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind.pn/2GHjGn7.
It's easy to blame minorities. If we want a wealthier life and to get back control over our society, we need to get out of bed and do the hard work. How about if we wake up to the problem?
What did they have to do with 9/11? There were no Jewish hijackers, and their 'will' to do anything would be difficult to demonstrate.
deported where? they are the citizens?
Do you know the numbers of the votes of Britain Muslims?
What is important is that you respect people who hold different beliefs, as they do with your particular faith.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
The highest-paid woman, at more than $50 million a year, is a business woman. Why should she be inferior to you?
they are part of our country, because they are our brothers and sisters.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
I agree that the homelessness problem is a crisis, but it's a systematical problem that should be managed by taking into account all homeless people, not only veterans.
Are you suggesting to commit a crime? There are courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
Your statement is not welcome in our country.
Is that why you feel that way about homosexuals? They are not sick, are they? And if you are gay you are not a pervert by default.
You mean YOU do not want them here, most everyone else does, sorry.
Islam is a way of life for many people. I don't see how it is in conflict with our beliefs and values.
Please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. Girls and children are vulnerable. We should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
"how do you define that? i do the say that all millions of people in the uk can be a threat fine.
i think it is myth that we are invaded from many over the world. they have been part of our history and history.
"There is no evidence that Islam is ""invading"" us. Muslims do not represent an attack to us."
if you want to understand others you can explain this on.
The feminist movement is a movement to end sexism. It is a part of the worldwide struggle for justice.
They have the right to be here. They have every right to be welcome in this country.
i don't think it has never stating statements that have have sexual orientations and the only are that. how can you say this about an entire religion?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
it is hard to accept that all people are saying, including what are saying? what they're really seem reasonable to want them to integrate.
it is a religious ideology that promotes violence and violence.
using women would provide a good thing without an place with contributing little to society.
jews are persecuted because they are part of this particular perspective for a few years. why do you say this about the religion?
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
"Jews are not in ""control"" over ""Hollywood"". Moreover, most of the time, they actually make the movie industry more diverse and open to new ideas."
(e. g. science.
Jews are not monsters. They are just like any other human being. Why would we want to destroy them?
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
Do you know the numbers of the votes of Britain Muslims?
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
Is it because they speak their native language better than English? Don't you think there is something more to the story?
Jews have always been concerned about the well-being of the community they live in and how can they be selfish when they suffered so much during Holocaust?
It's easy to blame minorities. If we want a wealthier life and to get back control over our society, we need to get out of bed and do the hard work. How about if we wake up to the problem?
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
refugees just here as respected and want to be accepted. they just a part of the society. according to their religious beliefs they are welcome in our country?
they are part of our country, because they are our brothers and sisters.
Would you be happy if someone said you're the antithesis of human because of the color of your skin?
If you think supporting the LGBT+ community is stupid, that is your problem.
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
"Jews are not in ""control"" over ""Hollywood"". Moreover, most of the time, they actually make the movie industry more diverse and open to new ideas."
This reminds me of white supremacists talking about the Central Park Five. If you remember, they said that the process was fair, they had a good attorney, and that the only reason for the sentence was that they were guilty, when in fact the process was not fair at all. This is what happens when we let prejudice like the one you expressed spread around.
Muslims already live in many European countries, and they are not banned. Why should we ban them from here?
There are many examples of Muslims protesting against ISIS. Seriously, do a google search.
Those who apply for asylum get little or no help from the state. If they are ‘destitute’ they can get free accommodation, but provided by private companies in older properties leased from landlords. So no council housing is involved here.
Why are you ignoring these poor people? Only 1% of Syrians have access to all public services. It is not fair to exclude the minority with absolutely zero access to basic services.
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
islam is sexist ideology and UNK muslims love with cultures? and the same can be said by kind of culture?
The idea that the Holocaust was caused by the Jews is simply wrong. The majority of Jews were forced to flee, those who stayed did not participate in the Nazi regime, so they were gassed to death. The persecution of Jews, as well as the physical and ideological violence they underwent, was a natural consequence of the failure of the state to uphold its legal obligations to them and to face an ideology of death and oppression.
This is not true. Rape and torture of women and children is forbidden by the Qur'an.
The Constitution guarantees that trans people can change the gender on their identity cards. There is no reason to deny that.
So, you say that highly educated Muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? Sorry, but you got this so wrong.
There are no terrorists in our country, only people fleeing from it.
refugees are welcome. they are our brothers and sisters, and we all all equal rights for diversity in the best why they do ask if they are worried about?
women can be accepted in our society, they are not allowed to live freely.
Do you really think that all gay people are criminals? Why having a sexual orientation different from heterosexuality be considered criminal?
There is no evidence that LGBT people are a danger to society. They are just trying to live their life like any citizen.
jews are not full part of our society, and never in a part of society without this.
Well, the UK government doesn't accept sharia law, so...
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.' - donald trump and isn't corporal punishment is currently legal in 19 states in the us?
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
I mean, I would not take gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to do with it?
This statement indicates a certain social bias against Jews that has nothing to do with the amount of money they earn, but with their religion.
Have you checked violent crime statistics? The idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the Muslim community. Religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
Muslims may be different from others, but this doesn't mean that they are sick or a negative influence. Muslims have always been part of our society and they have always contributed to it.
Not all black people are criminals. Their group is often unwanted but this doesn't mean that they are all criminals.
What type of problems will this solve?
What if parents choose not to educate or discuss LGBT issues with their children? Where will they learn? From their peers? I agree that there are some sensitive subjects that are best addressed by parents, but this is human behavior and biology; aka science.
How do you know the men's rights are not a threat to the rights of your mother, daugher and women around you? And what are the men's rights you are referring to?
If it is then it certainly hasn't been a religion of 'conquest' quite as successfully as some others. What about Christianity and colonialism?
How would you feel if the police and government were still oppressing you? You are probably taking your freedom for granted. You are lucky, but you shoud acknowledge this is a privilege. Not everybody has it.
You cannot compare a faith of 1.6 billion to Nazi.
How would this make our society better?
What is the point in listening? Maybe because they actually have something good to say?
It's wrong to say that every black person is violent or unstable. Where's your evidence? There's none.
Jews have been part of the American government since the beggining, just like any minority that wants to be represented in it. Why would this be bad?
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
It is also a fact that African Americans are a majority when we consider innocent defendants (i.e. a person wrongfully convicted of murder and later exonerated). Innocent black people are about seven times more likely to be convicted of murder than innocent white people.
If they register to vote they should be allowed to vote, like everyone else.
The West has never been incompatible with Islam. Muslims are part of our society since Islam's inception centuries ago.
Islam is that same sisterhood of tolerance and understanding across the world.
Although there is a link between terrorism and a number of religious and ethnic groups, this is not evidence that a group is more prone to terrorism than any other.
There are Bible scriptures about the stoning to death of virgins who do not scream when they are raped, we do not blame the bible for Christian rapists. The Quran.
It is not true that all migrants are rapists. It is better to target the problem at hand, that is rape itself, not migrants.
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
"you're not necessarily a man without me.
Do you really want to tell people fleeing from war what to do? If you can't cope in the short term, what hope do we have for the future?
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
I do not know why you would describe gay people as insane. If you were told to go back in the closet you would probably go insane too.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
I'd say the real threat is divisive comments like this.
We are a nation made up of people of different faiths and everyone has a say. Why would they run our country?
"No evidence suggests that migrants are less able to integrate into our society. Migrants are part of our society and are proud of their history. If we exclude them, I don't see how we can be ""inclusive."""
"We are not being ""burdened"" by refugees. Today we accept more refugees because the world population in need has increased."
the majority of course they want to be able to live and work care of their family.
They are welcome to stay if they do not break the law.
Dig a hole, build a wall, get your act together guys.
More people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
No, not all Muslims are terrorists. Only a handful of extremists are, but they don't represent all of Islam.
Who are 'the people'? Who are you talking for?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Jews have been part of the American government since the beggining, just like any minority that wants to be represented in it. Why would this be bad?
Let's face it, there is no evidence for the claim that children raised by lesbians are any worse than other children.
I'm not sure if you are referring to all gypsies. Generalizing in such way is wrong.
I agree that people attacking other people are not right, but no need to extrapolate it to other Muslim people!
I am tired of the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. Enough IS ENOUGH!
gay men are not promiscuous. just <unk> that they have every right to get on beauty as well.
lgbt+ people were members of their culture and there is nothing wrong with that. they are human beings, and they can so, that they wish.
No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
perhaps it happens in our country muslims are muslims.
when they don't know what people and what are saying, them? what about being forced at you? it's like you like a good plan.
There are still plenty of caring women who want to be mothers. Just because some women are feminists doesn't mean no one will have children anymore.
Do you have any evidence for the similarity you noticed? And even if he's an imam I don't get why he should avoid this town.
You can't say that a religion is an ideology, an opinion, or a degenerated interpretation of something. What would you think if somebody said so about your religion?
Where did you get this information from? I do not believe any crime would be free from judge. We should have more failth in English laws and people who execute the laws.
You are absolutely right. Our fellow POC citizens do not accept it and continue to talk about it. We all have to stand for something that we believe in, for example humankind.
Islam is a religion. It is a belief and a way of life. It is not a totalitarian ideology.
Rape, torture and murder are abominations to all religions.
So in your opinion Islam and Western Civilization are incompatible?
Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
"Women are not childlike, nor are they ""soft and emotional."" Their emotions are part of who they are, and are a part of human nature."
If we exclude them from a country, we are not in a position to treat them fairly.
Nope I'm bi, just because you can't wrap your head around the idea of attraction not being based on gender, it doesn't mean bi people don't exist!
Do you really want to kill someone?
I'm sorry but it looks like most homophobes are here and not in Saudi Arabia. I think it's sad that being gay is still not accepted in the 21st century.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Jewish people have been persecuted many times throughout history, and anti-Semitic people have always existed because of these historic events. Jews don't control us, why do you think that?
women are not only men and they are less rational or men. why should it be theirs?
Women are not a burden to society. They are human beings with equal rights.
Like all groups of people, some Jews are good with money; some are not. Some Jews are cheap; some are not. The same can be said for any group of people, whether you define them by religion, nationality or whatever characteristics you choose.
Black people are not bad. They are not criminals. They are not violent. They are different from us in some aspects, but it's good to be aware of differences.
Criminals are criminals, no matter their nationality.
How would this make our society better?
"What do you mean to ""wake up"" when black people still suffer because of slavery?"
violence is a religion, that is a peaceful life and must be respected.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
The idea that a religion is 'toxic' is just wrong.
Refugees bring a valuable perspective to our society. As a host nation we should welcome them, not stop them from coming here.
Diseases can be prevented by taking proper care of the sick person. Immigrants do not pose a health threat to the general public.
What are they trying to win? Muslims in the UK aren't at war with anyone, the only thing creating conflict is Islamophobic rhetoric like this, seeking to create a divide.
Women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. Is there a particular reason you are picking on Islam?
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
jews are a plague, and have every right to have part of society.
Muslims deserve our rights just as anyone else. They're entitled to them because they're citizens like us.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
i don't think it has never stating statements that have have sexual orientations and the only are that. how can you say this about an entire religion?
You might be right that some immigrants are lawbreakers, but that does not mean that all immigrants are criminal and terrorists.
i think it is myth that we are invaded from many over the world. they have been part of our history and history.
Immigrants are often accused of being lazy, but in reality they are just seeking a better life and working hard for it.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
Just for the records: Jews interpret the “chosen people” idea as an ethical responsibility, not as a moral superiority.
Women must be allowed to have space in a democratic society. Don't you think so?
"If you want to isolate someone, the only ""high-risk group"" that you should focus on is people who have unprotected sex with different partners. Gays aren't part of this group by default."
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
But we all know that Islam is a religion of peace, just like Christianity.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
Gays are not a burden on the health system. The practice of 'safe sex' is relevant, regardless of sexual orientation.
many muslims live in the uk and are proud of their culture and who they play in a common community.
The Koran is a book that says to love your neighbor as yourself. It is also a book that encourages love between people of different faiths and non-faiths.
Rape, torture and murder are abominations to all religions.
If women are not allowed to vote, then women are not worthy of respect and equal rights, and this is in conflict with the principles of democracy.
jews are a part of a society since centuries. they are criminals, who still they are not proud of their religion.
There is a difference between sex and gender. Trans people are not trying to ignore biological reality, some people know they are a woman, do not feel like they are a man in anyway, but don't have a female reproductive system. This is the difference between gender and sex, gender is who you feel you are, sex is just the biological aspect, and they don't always match up.
what do you mean? there is an influx of migrants are contributing to the economy. it is not about migrants, and we should welcome for them.
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.' - donald trump and isn't corporal punishment is currently legal in 19 states in the us?
muslims are not terrorists. they are plenty of other people who are muslims in the uk, what is the relation from this? i think i've don't ignore them because of the other religion?
If they register to vote they should be allowed to vote, like everyone else.
Islam is a way of life for many people. I don't see how it is in conflict with our beliefs and values.
except all of muslims live in rape? so does they do this, most from the islamic world? why i think they are likley to do a christian and eradicate negative media
As far as I know, we are all born equal in the eyes of God.
They do important jobs for us, such as family assistants, but often Italians do not do it anymore because these jobs are humble and tiring.
Do you really think that all gay people are criminals? Why having a sexual orientation different from heterosexuality be considered criminal?
Islam is not a bad religion, nor is it a false religion.
Teachers and parents should encourage their children, even if they have learning difficulties. No one should be denied access to education.
i have met so many amazing muslim friends. i do you want to deported. what is your reasoning?
are you referring to you control the same out on a power community? i do not think so.
Women are not childlike, but instead essential parts of their families, and they have the right to leave their homes when they want to.
Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?
"Women are not childlike, nor are they ""soft and emotional."" Their emotions are part of who they are, and are a part of human nature."
There is no evidence that migrants from a particular culture or religion are not interested in our culture or religion. It sounds like a paradox: if I wasn't interested in a culture, I would never move to get to know it, would you?
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
have you ever interacted in a muslim?
Migrants are humans, and are entitled to the same rights as others, such as to ask for hospitality.
Homosexuals should be accepted and allowed to live their life as they think is best for them.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
I am tired of the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. Enough IS ENOUGH!
Jews are not the only ones with their hands in the system. The freedom of the press allows any religious group to have their media and many actually do.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
Hate really? Even the doctors, surgeons, teachers, fire fighters, taxi drivers that rescued the Manchester bombing victims, the ones working to stop cancer, feed the homeless. See where I am going?
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
How would this make our society better?
if you want to understand others you can explain this on.
Women are allowed to do whatever they choose to do, so don't you think it's fair for them to complain about upkeeping the house if it is not what they want to do? The chores should be shared with the other members of the family.
Muslims believe in Jesus. No one is trying to cancel Easter. Stop legitimising division by manufacturing outrage.
well, we are not lazy, we are allowed to live and work in the country. why do we target your facts based on them?
I rarely read a book that was as peaceful as the Koran. What is your point?
muslims have in britain have contributed greatly to our civilisation. through employment. they should not be part of our society.
Have won at what? The only thing I see is paranoid messages like this painting a not so convincing picture of some sort of Muslim originated threat.
"they are not terrorists, they are a part of our society and their presence is a extreme.
Britain is a multicultural society and everyone is free to practice their religion or not, and this is what is really important.
This is such a tired excuse everyone one of those so called 'Muslims are offended by the flag' stories two minutes on google shows its always one person's word, never any evidence, loads of examples of other people with the same flag and often the fact that it was hung in a dangerous way, they punched a security guard, or pissed on the floor was not the reason why they were asked to leave.
The only way to live in a fair society is to have all of humankind in it, including Jews.
the koran teached justice for rape and everyone does not blame it.
Is there any reason why there never are reports in the media about Jewish power in the financial world? Maybe they control the media? Or the government, even! What about the Galactic Republic? #sarcasm
Feminists do not say that women are oppressed. They claim that women have always been discriminated against and they still are. Being discriminated against is not the same as being oppressed.
More than sixty percent of immigrants in the United States today have lived here for at least 15 years, and a large majority of immigrants have lawful status. So I do not see this invasion of illegal migrants.
Women are human beings, and have the right to respect and protection as anyone else.
Why do you think it is because of Muslims? To me, globalization and tourism would explain more why Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs'.
Refugees are not a burden. We can welcome them and provide for their needs.
That is not the case, tuberculosis is a global health problem. Immigrants do not bring diseases, and if they do, the solution is to treat them.
If there was a religion that celebrated death, then that would need to be banned, but fortunately Islam isn't a death cult so it can't be banned.
i don't think it has never stating statements that have have sexual orientations and the only are that. how can you say this about an entire religion?
This is simply not true. Homosexuals are not necessarily promiscuous, just as heterosexuals are not necessarily promiscuous either.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
The proportion of Muslims unemployed is no more than that of non-Muslims (add a link to UK employment statistics).
It's about time queer people were given the same rights as heterosexual people, because they are equal. All men and women are equal before the law.
"There is no evidence that Islam is ""invading"" us. Muslims do not represent an attack to us."
Islam is not racist, what it promotes are justice and love.
this isn’t not true. black people are just like us, they are all human beings.
The law is to protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior in a society, so does English law. Words hurt. If a Brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.
if you burn people in this country will be preoccupied by their faith.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
Health tourism actually only makes up 0.3% of the NHS budget, stop scapegoating migrants for the state of the NHS, when the real problem is that it has been critically underfunded for years.
How would you feel if the police and government were still oppressing you? You are probably taking your freedom for granted. You are lucky, but you shoud acknowledge this is a privilege. Not everybody has it.
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
women are allowed to celebrate their own husbands. this is to their choice, as well.
of western society?
Why do you consider them the worst of all? Let's face it, this is just a social construct.
It is not true that homosexuals are poisoning our children minds. There are many soft-hearted and sensitive people among them.
What is the point in listening? Maybe because they actually have something good to say?
I think this idea is offensive. Black lives matter too!
Terrorism and targeting the general public with bombs, assault rifles or any other means is horrific, there is no excuse but lets be clear when a white man does it its called mental illness regardless of what groups he belongs to; when a black man does it its called terrorism.
African Americans have been historically and ethnically diverse, but the notion of them as subhuman or inferior is just false.
Islam is that same sisterhood of tolerance and understanding across the world.
refugees are welcome here. why should we welcome them?
You are absolutely wrong about Islam. It is a religion of peace. Also, it does not promote violence.
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
They don't, but I wonder why only the crimes with 'White British Non-Muslim' victims are the ones widely circulated?
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
Migrants are happy to contribute to the host country's economic growth, in order to give back to it in many ways.
"If you don't count the ""brainwash"" part, I think this is a fair point. Still, it is important for all teenagers to develop an understanding of their identity and the world they live in, including their sexual orientation. It is their right."
I do not know if it counts as invasion when lots of Muslims in the UK are British citizens and were born here.
the fact that women are subhuman is simply wrong.
jews are much about this country. they are not a threat to our society. they are proud of our history. have you also check our attitude and complete to our history?
islam promotes violence against women and women. anyone can feel their sexual preferences.
This isn’t true and being Jewish is not the same as being a Zionist! What makes you think there is any plot for ‘world dominance’?
"There’s no such thing as a ""racial"" difference between us. Jews aren't a race, they simply believe in something different."
If it is then it certainly hasn't been a religion of 'conquest' quite as successfully as some others. What about Christianity and colonialism?
I don't understand why you say that only Jews want to influence the government in this complex, diverse and international world. Every citizens has the right and will to influence it.
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
To punish people for their crimes does not mean that you have to resort to the death penalty for innocent people, just because they are coming from other countries.
"Women are not ""sex objects"". They can and should have their rights respected and taken into account. Women being sexually abused is just as much a part of western culture as eating pizza or reading the newspaper, and this is abominable. Don't you think?"
Jews are not the only ones who work with Hollywood. They may have influence in the industry, but they're not alone in that.
Fat people are not the ones responsible for your suffering and lack of access to basic healthcare services.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Jews are not born with evil qualities. Unlike some people, they don't believe in what anti-Semites say.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
refugees just here as respected and want to be accepted. they just a part of the society. according to their religious beliefs they are welcome in our country?
Islam is a religion, and to suggest that Islam is incompatible with civilisation is just scaremongering.
A real disgrace would be children not being taught about other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
of western society?
not all black people are criminals. black people are close to us, their children out of them. but would i have such cases when this isn't not.
The media focuses on a small proportion of rape cases involving Muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-Muslim cases get no news coverage, and many are not reported at all.
We should work with them, not against them. They are our brothers.
If Islam were a totalitarian ideology, we would have had Islamic totalitarian states in Europe since time immemorial. Islam is a religion, that is compatible with Europe's principles.
The vast majority of Jews are good people, I don't see your point.
Women are allowed to do whatever they choose to do, so don't you think it's fair for them to complain about upkeeping the house if it is not what they want to do? The chores should be shared with the other members of the family.
the fact that women are subhuman is simply wrong.
and check the girls and will become a muslim community. then perhaps you should stop them?
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most Global Terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. That is why no one is talking about it.
do you know these muslims are just in the us too. so, do you think muslims are religious or terrorists.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
Knowing gay people at an early age does nothing bad to a child. The idea that children are put in danger because of this is completely false.
why do you feel like it's a bad thing that London is so diverse?
Bisexuals are attracted to more than one gender, but this doesn't mean they are greedy. Why do you say so?
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if they were innocent, do that we should not be persecuted in their religion.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
There is no such thing as 'male supremacy'. Therefore we must promote equal rights and protect women from discrimination.
every muslim dog born here to help.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries after the sentences are finished. Meanwhile, we should also think about how to stop rapists from both UK and other countries.
we are not incompatible with any western society? i would look at the whole problem.
The 9/11 attacks were perpetrated by members of the terrorist organization Al Qaeda. Jews and Israelis have nothing to do with the attacks. These are the historical facts.
What do you mean by 'we'? I don't think we are a nation of heterosexuals.
such are human beings with human beings with human rights.
of western society?
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
when we need to ban them? they are refugee or not.
The doctrine of Islam is a religion, not a bad one. What's the reason you think this?
It is not true that taking in migrants is against our culture. It is possible to integrate migrants, in spite of the legal and immigration obstacles they face. We must, therefore, take into account the needs of the whole of humankind.
homosexuality is not a disease, it is a love.
Victims of crime are mostly women, and the majority of people experiencing sex abuse or prostitution are women.
I am tired of seeing women being treated as sex objects. It's about time that women are given the respect they deserve.
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
"Jews are not in ""control"" over ""Hollywood"". Moreover, most of the time, they actually make the movie industry more diverse and open to new ideas."
Jews have always been concerned about the well-being of the community they live in and how can they be selfish when they suffered so much during Holocaust?
Immigrants come here to enjoy our country and culture, and we have to welcome them as we would like to be welcomed.
Do women really need to be told what they can or cannot wear? For many generations boys were told to wear trousers and girls to wear dresses. Does society really need to tell us all what to wear?
Why do you think it is because of Muslims? To me, globalization and tourism would explain more why Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs'.
How about a world with multiculturalism and no discrimination? How about a world with open borders and free religion?
I think women and men should be treated as equal individuals, because both wish to be treated with respect.
Do you have any evidence for the similarity you noticed? And even if he's an imam I don't get why he should avoid this town.
the vast majority of muslims that are coming to our lives, rather than as much than other people.
Do you really think that all gay people are criminals? Why having a sexual orientation different from heterosexuality be considered criminal?
LGBT people have no agenda, they're just trying to get on with their lives in peace! What do you mean about the traditional family?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
What do you mean by 'mental illness'? A person's feelings are their own thoughts, not a disease.
You don't have to agree with this, but in Western societies female genital mutilation (FGM) has not been around for a very long time. Also, the Quran does not mention FGM nor circumcision.
(e. g. science.
Muslims are already contributing to our society, it's time for us to stop being a nuisance and start to acknowledge their contribution to our society.
Islam is a way of life for many people. I don't see how it is in conflict with our beliefs and values.
Do you have any evidence for the similarity you noticed? And even if he's an imam I don't get why he should avoid this town.
The Koran is a book that says to love your neighbor as yourself. It is also a book that encourages love between people of different faiths and non-faiths.
Immigrants contribute to our country and to our economy. We need to be more active in welcoming people to our country, for example we shouldn't lie about the level of education of immigrants.
Maybe you should think about this...not all women are childlike, and some women are childlike with kiddos only!
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
"Not all people are ""civilised"" in Europe. Some are deeply racist and sexist."
It's not true that the LGBT community is a drain on society. The LGBT community makes a major and positive contribition to our society. I just don't see how this is detrimental.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
Would a Muslim ban work to stop hate or would it encourage it? Would Muslims be banned just because of their beliefs?
But we all know that Islam is a religion of peace, just like Christianity.
Women are not meant to be slaves to our will. Males can have certain strengths, like women do, however they alone do not represent all the human qualities.
Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.' - donald trump and isn't corporal punishment is currently legal in 19 states in the us?
jews who have the same rights as anyone else.
AIDS is transmitted by unprotected sexual activity and anyone could engage in that. This is not a homosexual problem but rather a problem of stigamitazion.
immigrants often come in this country are just a part of our society. why would we stop them?
According to this study [link], the mean IQ of a young adult with Down syndrome is 50, equivalent to the mental ability of an 8- or 9-year-old child, but this can vary widely. So, no, they are not dumb.
Maybe in order to be comfortable you have to make compromises with people who are different from you. Maybe that is what you are worried about.
There’s no link between mosques being built and churches being vandalised, why are you trying to make one?
women are not to be submissive to men. they are part of this society,
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
Jews are not monsters. They are just like any other human being. Why would we want to destroy them?
islam is a evil religion, not a cancer.
Society often forces women to be submissive to their husbands. But this is a social construct based on false beliefs.
"Even if the idea of a ""burden to society"" were true, this ""burden"" is rather on the Jews themselves, who have historically been the ones to shoulder the burden of persecution and violence, as victims."
I'm sure you're tired of hearing about other's bodies, but this is an individual's right to use their own body to their liking.
If we exclude them from a country, we are not in a position to treat them fairly.
Islam is a religion. It is a belief and a way of life. It is not a totalitarian ideology.
violence is a religion, that is a peaceful life and must be respected.
How does a religion cause death? Sounds a bit extreme, no?!
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
Gay people are not disgusting and especially they are not rapists. That is a dangerous stereotype that doesn't reflect reality.
Let's face it, there is no evidence for the claim that children raised by lesbians are any worse than other children.
What do you mean by 'they are a problem in many European countries'? Are you aware of any recent evidence for this? I would be interested to know.
muslims are welcome given over europe, and many of them are <unk> good to us.
Have won at what? The only thing I see is paranoid messages like this painting a not so convincing picture of some sort of Muslim originated threat.
The feminism does not inhibit the imagination, it promotes inclusive ideas and inclusive ideas promote a more equal society.
are you referring to you control the same out on a power community? i do not think so.
Immigrants do not take our jobs. They work as legal employees and their presence in the country nourishes the economy.
I bet they also control the media, the government, the entire universe! If you believe in it...
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if they were innocent, do that we should not be persecuted in their religion.
there are many religions and many people to do not belong to our society. we should respect our culture.
every muslim dog born here to help.
What do you think men would say if they were forced to stay at home with their little children, this is depriving them of their right to work!
if you have any muslim group, then there is only muslims <unk> joining our enemies. why do you think so?
People who have never even met a Muslim can understand one.
and culture.
Violence is a problem in all societies, regardless of religion.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
Violence on our streets is the result of many complex causes. Violence cannot simply be the fault of one race.
Maybe you should think about this...not all women are childlike, and some women are childlike with kiddos only!
Why would we nuke the third world? There's nothing to worry about them, they are not causing any trouble. They have the right to life as anyone else in the world.
No, it's not. Being gay is a personal preference.
I don't know what you're talking about. You're saying that all immigrants in the US are a danger to the society, isn't this an exaggeration?
Muslims cannot celebrate their own holidays without fear of being targeted by Islamophobic hatred.
Criminals are criminals, no matter their nationality.
NHS is for everyone, with services free of charge. It would be against everything the NHS stands for to start checking people's background and turn them down based on that.
You cannot compare a faith of 1.6 billion to Nazi.
Why should Islam have no place in a democracy? Islam is a peaceful, democratic faith with universalist values that has been shown time and time again to be much more peaceful and tolerant than the violent extremist fundamentalist ideas spewed by extremists like Isis.
The real problem is that, whether or not someone has 'chosen' to be obese is often not clear-cut, and when in doubt, society tends to condemn and shame.
Replaced by what exactly? I think our population will be fine.
Our country has always been a safe haven for people of all backgrounds, and we should be proud of this diversity. It doesn't make us less safe.
migrants are often their fellow culture and fear of their taxes. they are just trying to assimilate. if they wish.
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. In our country are in fact unemployed? How do they pull that off!
All races are biologically related, so we are all naturally violent. The issue is how we treat each other as people, that's all.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
Gays are not disgusting pricks. They are just like any other person.
all countries have abide in the old world law.
Laws and policies are usually necessary for the progress of society. Governments often create laws and policies to stop crime, protect against poverty, protect the environment, etc. Protecting minorities is no exception.
Holocaust victims often speak about their experience precisely because there are few of them.
Migrants come here for a better life, not to disturb people.
Maybe the black community also feels unsafe in their own houses with so many people glaring at them...
and pipe bombs were sent to trump's opposition, including robert de niro, this terrorism must be defeated. the cause.
It's about time queer people were given the same rights as heterosexual people, because they are equal. All men and women are equal before the law.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
I want them here?
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
we cannot let over muslims in the uk, this is only a justification. you are worried like this?
Violence is never justified in Islam. There is no such thing as 'the religion of violence'. The Quran does not teach it.
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most Global Terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. That is why no one is talking about it.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
they are human beings, and deserve respect.
Women must not be treated as though they are 'inferior'. For instance, women can vote and run for office just as men do.
Feminists understand that men and women are different, but to ask for equal rights is not about denying this.
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
Have won at what? The only thing I see is paranoid messages like this painting a not so convincing picture of some sort of Muslim originated threat.
are you referring to you control the same out on a power community? i do not think so.
Why would it? The Koran is a peaceful religious book.
you are not ashamed of your heritage, and i am this fair to be ashamed of your discriminatory behaviour that is filling our society.
do you think that islam is positively infecting our planet?
Here's lots of proof the holocaust happened: survivors, concentration camps, documents, millions of deaths. How can you say it never happened when there is so much evidence to prove that it did?
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if their <unk> are innocent, does it does not mean they are agitating for this.
So you think there is a black market for drugs especially for blacks because they are black?
Do you really want to kill someone?
Violence is a problem in all societies, regardless of religion.
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
Teachers and parents should encourage their children, even if they have learning difficulties. No one should be denied access to education.
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
that sounds like an definition of an 'invasion' you cannot say.
Rape, torture and murder are abominations to all religions.
there are already many empty countries in our society. they are proud of our culture and punishments by the basic human should be praised even if they are part of our society as well.
Limiting donors to such an extent (i.e. by excluding all gay people) would limit the amount of available blood and potentially lead to shortages.
we must all welcome our laws and centuries.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
How would this make our society better?
"Internment is used for the confinement ""of enemy citizens in wartime or of terrorism suspects"", and thus it is not necessarily related to someone being Muslim."
Many survivors confessed that they were willing to provide their children with stories of the Holocaust but it was very difficult emotionally. They want to talk about the aspects of life for Jews during the time of the Holocaust to not forget what happened.
of western society?
This is not true. Rape and torture of women and children is forbidden by the Qur'an.
How can you know that Jews control the US? Who told you this? They don't control it only of because they have held positions of influence in many US institutions.
That is not the case, tuberculosis is a global health problem. Immigrants do not bring diseases, and if they do, the solution is to treat them.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
Women are human, and as such they are capable of feeling emotions and being sensitive and caring for others, without being childlike.
Some people choose to live here based on the fact that they have never lived in a safe country. You would do the same, wouldn't you?
gay men are often weak. just work. also, they are many beings. they don't want to be a job. do we have also thought for gays to you?
women are human beings with respect. they deserve respect.
You are absolutely wrong about Islam. It is a religion of peace. Also, it does not promote violence.
what do you mean by that? i do not want to understand islam and i look like you?
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
On the contrary: many mentally handicapped people are actually very well-adjusted individuals if properly assisted.
If a migrant crosses our borders, that does not mean that he or she wants to settle down or find work here.
how can you think the quran is a potential terrorist?
I'm sorry, but this is wrong. Feminism - the theory of the political, economic, and social equality of the sexes - is by definition about equality, first and foremost.
we do not accept them in an way.
it doesn't matter what you read!
Jews should not be persecuted for being Jews, as no one should be persecuted for their religion.
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. In our country are in fact unemployed? How do they pull that off!
African people are able to feel pain like any other person. We should respect their bodies like ours.
where is the followers of this?
Are you suggesting that the 'Prevent' programme is about appeasement to Islam, Hadaway bonnie lad.
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
Islam is a religion. It is a belief and a way of life. It is not a totalitarian ideology.
Terrorist is the only term you can come up with? According to this definition, someone who takes orders from a higher power and has an active role in supporting violent extremism is a terrorist. To be a Muslim means practicing Islam, not violence.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
Islam is a religion, not a cancer.
Women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. Is there a particular reason you are picking on Islam?
Like all groups of people, some Jews are good with money; some are not. Some Jews are cheap; some are not. The same can be said for any group of people, whether you define them by religion, nationality or whatever characteristics you choose.
This isn’t true and being Jewish is not the same as being a Zionist! What makes you think there is any plot for ‘world dominance’?
Feminists believe in equality of rights. They believe that men and women are created equal, and that men and women can have equal rights.
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
Do you really believe there is a ‘globalist cabal’ controlling us? And if so, what do you think they’re doing?
Many Muslims live in the UK. They are our neighbours and we should welcome them.
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
gay men are often weak. just work. also, they are many beings. they don't want to be a job. do we have also thought for gays to you?
Women are oppressed in many societies, I wish our society was different.
Migrants and refugees are welcome in our country, why should we stop them?
When they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or doing in the minutes before? Why do I feel there is a fuller story here?
Fat people are not the ones responsible for your suffering and lack of access to basic healthcare services.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
What type of problems will this solve?
Migrants are happy to contribute to the host country's economic growth, in order to give back to it in many ways.
How can you say this about a religion? Are you talking about the activity of the particular people who do not wish to assimilate?
"Women are not childlike, nor are they ""soft and emotional."" Their emotions are part of who they are, and are a part of human nature."
Death cults are generally not successful at attracting new followers. It is not true that Islam is a religion of death.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
the jews are jewish and have been responsible for their culture. there is no evidence that women have be such of someone as being hatred.
I don't believe that there is a race, only different skin tones.
How can you be sure they control the world? Maybe there are some influential Jews in the world, but how does that coincide with 'controlling the world'?
What do you mean by 'mental illness'? A person's feelings are their own thoughts, not a disease.
...And from that sum, the migrant receives only 'pocket money', which amounts to 2-3 euros
Many Gypsies have regular jobs, but we do not know, because they don't need to tell.
You cannot be racist towards an ideology. You can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
Being the chosen people does not mean that Jews have greater privileges than others or that they are better than others. Rather, according to Jewish law, it means that they have a special duty to uphold Jewish ethical teachings.
Death cults usually don't attract new followers, so Islam is not a religion of death.
Even our migrants have been accused of being criminals. It is just prejudice toward strangers.
all religions have instuctions for this. it has nothing to live in the end of time. it's a positive contribution to target ideas like the alleged invasion.
Islam is a religion. It is a belief and a way of life. It is not a totalitarian ideology.
you pipe down. so if angry?
Refugees are not a burden. We can welcome them and provide for their needs.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
Jews are not the only ones who work with Hollywood. They may have influence in the industry, but they're not alone in that.
Migrants integrate very well with our culture, especially if they do not have any previous negative experiences with our society.
why do you feel like it's a bad thing that London is so diverse?
isn't this a 'have you stopped beating your wife?' question. ?
Islam is a religion, and to suggest that Islam is incompatible with civilisation is just scaremongering.
obama is an entire thing.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
I would have thought that the problem would be with the fact that you don't want to assimilate with them. Today we are blessed to be able to live in a multicultural society, and the real problem is that we don't want to accept that diversity.
Believing that Jews are running our country is absurd, especially when you consider that the US is a democracy. This seems like a conspiracy theory.
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
If Islam is a political ideology, then it is a political ideology of peace. But I'll rather call it a religion, a religion of peace, as all the others.
This is just fear mongering, the problem is not about Islam. The problem is radical Islam and the absence of a strong Islamic identity in our country. We should work together to make the UK more tolerant and Islam less taboo.
If you think supporting the LGBT+ community is stupid, that is your problem.
the majority of people are talking about terrorism and rape. how many people follow you? do not do so.
Homosexuals are not sick, but they might have a mental health crisis because of prejudice. Being isolated from society can only worsen the situation.
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
If someone were to come in the dead of night and bring disease and sickness to our country, then that person is a risk to everyone. Sick people should be isolated. That is why there are health assessment procedures for migrants, in order not to spread diseases.
Gays are not disgusting pricks. They are just like any other person.
A real disgrace would be children not being taught about other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
There are many cases of domestic violence, where women do not want to have such a lifestyle. This, instead, is against their rights.
Not all rapists are black and not all black are rapists. Skin color doesn't make you a criminal.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Mental health and disability care should be a priority.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
Is there any reason why there never are reports in the media about Jewish power in the financial world? Maybe they control the media? Or the government, even! What about the Galactic Republic? #sarcasm
why do you feel like it's a bad thing that London is so diverse?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
There is no need to ban gays from Europe and US. It is simply not appropriate to treat gays like this.
we are all citizens from the eyes of our society, then they are just proud of their heritage.
The vast majority of Jews are good people, I don't see your point.
Let's have a crusade. Except did not the last one lead to child rape, enslavement and murder?
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
immigration has a very positive matter.
Rapists will use any excuse to justify their actions. This is an abhorrent individual.
No one is offended by people celebrating Christmas. Myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
what are you talking about? we actually still got to hate spreading hate and ignorance instead?
Hollywood is an extremely diverse industry, and Jews are a small but vocal minority of actors, directors, producers, etc. How can you say that Jews control the Hollywood industry?
rape is always a criminal act. it is not be your problem. we need to look at this word child abuse.
There is a difference between sex and gender. Trans people are not trying to ignore biological reality, some people know they are a woman, do not feel like they are a man in anyway, but don't have a female reproductive system. This is the difference between gender and sex, gender is who you feel you are, sex is just the biological aspect, and they don't always match up.
How about this: there are many people from other countries here, but they are not a 'burden', rather they are 'citizens'.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
What is the exact link between more migration and more crime? I've seen nothing that ties the two things.
there is no evidence that criminals are worse than any other religion.
No, they should not. Gay people have a right to education like everyone else. Why do you think otherwise?
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
Jews have been part of our country since its creation and have always had a place here. Why would they be 'not welcome'?
the koran teached justice for rape and everyone does not blame it.
Rape, torture and murder are abominations to all religions.
Just to note than muslims believe only god can punish or forgive. The violence seems to be your issue.
Perhaps what you're saying is just hyperbole, but you seem to have a problem accepting sexual minorities in your community. Perhanps you should accept that STD is a problem of all the people regardless of their sexual identity.
islam have a peaceful religion. it is a war.
have you ask why? the fact that jews achieved no the holocaust? are you serious? does not seem reasonable to me.
are you sure? you have strong contributions for understanding and and muslims later i read you are you read the fact so you are ignorant about what you think is not?
although that is not true that it is a religion of peace.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
I think you should try to start a dialogue about LGBT issues. It might also spark a conversation about how we can make better world.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
I would not say that gays are inherently evil, you need to think carefully about what you are saying.
how can you say that? that's the quran that 'god are not belong in islam?
Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!
An inclusive working environment and welfare provision make every person feel part of a community, it fosters a positive atmosphere and increases everybody's productivity. Thus it is a benefit for all workers. [link]
Women are just as capable of feeling emotions as men, and men can likewise be just as empathic.
In our societies, people are no longer afraid to openly talk about gay or lesbian love. Gay people are not ashamed to be gay, they just want to be accepted.
They also pay taxes, contributing to the cost of these services, and are less likely than native Brits to claim benefits, as many are not entitled to it!
the fact that they are compatible with western society? do you know them?
deported where? they are the citizens?
"It is not true that we are being ""invaded"". We should just be a little more tolerant and accepting."
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
Gays are not disgusting pricks. They are just like any other person.
The Jews are not the problem in the world. And the Jews have the right to be proud of their history.
Death cults usually don't attract new followers, so Islam is not a religion of death.
Of course there are whites that have been victims of police brutality, but the most important statistic I have seen is that of blacks being 2.5 times more likely to be killed by police in the US.
Refugees are not a burden. We can welcome them and provide for their needs.
lgbt+ people were members of their culture and there is nothing wrong with that. they are human beings, and they can so, that they wish.
If they were refusing work then they will not be on benefits. So what is your problem.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
If you think supporting the LGBT+ community is stupid, that is your problem.
The European Union does not have a migration problem because the EU has a migration policy which helps managing immigration.
Gays are not disgusting pricks. They are just like any other person.
We allow people from all backgrounds to vote. Why shouldn't we let them vote? What's the point of democracy then?
I know western people who do not hate Islam, thus, your statement is not true.
How many Muslims have forced you to follow the rules of Islam? I really don't think it happens that often, or at all. They want access to halal meat, but don't care what other people eat.
"The principle of ""equality before the law"" does not mean that everyone has obtained equal rights. So, it's very logical to demand equality when there are inequalities."
yes, they are often refusing work. they do not discuss the majority of muslims in our society they are all people, to <unk>
What do you mean by Islam is a cult? Do you have any proof for this statement?
Let's face it, there is no evidence for the claim that children raised by lesbians are any worse than other children.
Rape, torture and murder are abominations to all religions.
Gay people are not disgusting and especially they are not rapists. That is a dangerous stereotype that doesn't reflect reality.
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is misleading because Jews appear throughout the world. Jews resemble their non-Jewish neighbors in the countries from which they originate.
Why? Jews are a crucial part of our society, they contribute so much.
There are still plenty of caring women who want to be mothers. Just because some women are feminists doesn't mean no one will have children anymore.
100% of the unemployed Muslim stats I read on Twitter are fake. Muslim unemployment is at 12% in the UK, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
how can you say this about hatred?
We should really avoid any comparison between animals and humans and would be better if there were no discrimination at all. Homosexual people aren't a danger to children.
Gays are not disgusting pricks. They are just like any other person.
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if they were innocent, do that we should not be persecuted in their religion.
What exactly is the West going to 'win'? Muslims are not waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media spreading these myths and causing divide.
"There are many different races, and it is not possible to consider someone ""inferior"" based on skin color."
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
When they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or doing in the minutes before? Why do I feel there is a fuller story here?
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
I think we should start thinking that women and men should be treated as equal. They should have equal rights.
the fact that women are subhuman is simply wrong.
No, not all Muslims are terrorists. Only a handful of extremists are, but they don't represent all of Islam.
Man spreads Hate, encourages intolerance, why do we accept this? And they want to continue this filth?
why do you feel like it's a bad thing that London is so diverse?
Schools are not trying to indoctrinate children by teaching them about LGBT relationship, they just want to show kids that gay relationships exist and can be healthy and happy.
Gay people are part of our society, and they are valued for who they are. Their opinions and lifestyles are very important to us.
Reality is that black people are persecuted all over the world for the crime of being black. I don't see how this could be said for white people.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
Please stop blaming black people for everything. We are all members of the same community, so they suffer from this violence too.
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
"There are various levels of Down syndrome. Some are suitable for education with other children in ""normal schools""."
For every person claiming that Jews run the world, luckily there are millions of others who know this is not true: they are merely trying to provide for their families just like anyone else.
if muslims contribute in europe to preserve our jobs. they are welcome here and contribute pay to the economy.
The West continually bombs Middle Eastern and Muslim countries. Maybe we should stop blowing people up.
Tell the truth: if someone said the same bad things about your race, then you would adress them as racists.
peace, please?
what do you mean by ""most 'mental
The fact that a person may be disabled does not diminish their right or ability to work.
women have the right to choose, why do you think they are just a cancer.
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
So, you say that highly educated Muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? Sorry, but you got this so wrong.
everyone can be protected and deserve respect. you can be ashamed of jewish how can you?
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
If the mother is an independent woman thanks to feminism, it can only be good for the family.
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
dear friend, first for all, sharia law and isalam are not extreme.
The right to work is a fundamental human right, and not granting this right to immigrants would mean to revoke a fundamental right enshrined in the US constitution.
"If you don't count the ""brainwash"" part, I think this is a fair point. Still, it is important for all teenagers to develop an understanding of their identity and the world they live in, including their sexual orientation. It is their right."
Through integration we show hospitality and acceptance towards several groups of people. It's good for both our people and the country to live in a diverse society.
Everyone has to follow British laws, that's just how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our laws. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
Violence is a problem in all societies, regardless of religion.
This is not true for me. I don't think it would be in the interest of our country not to welcome refugees. They are a great resource to us.
Gay people are people just like you and me. You don't have a problem with being gay, do you?
i would you believe that the diversity of jewish is different from all walks of life.
women can be accepted in our society, they are not allowed to live freely.
For someone who is dating to find love, for no reason at all would I find this to be questionable.
More than sixty percent of immigrants in the United States today have lived here for at least 15 years, and a large majority of immigrants have lawful status. So I do not see this invasion of illegal migrants.
dear friend, first for all, sharia law and isalam are not extreme.
There are many Muslims and mosques in the UK. They have every right to be here.
the uk would not be in europe. islam is a peaceful religion that promotes love and understanding. it is a violent religion. intolerance and not one community.
A lot of Jews are good people. Try to talk to them about what they had to endure, get to know them better.
Perhaps it is time you take a look at some of the profiles on dating site such as okcupid. You can see that many of the profiles are of gay men. BTW: gays do not appear to be the real problem here.
I don't know about you, but I think only a woman should have to choose whether or not she wants an abortion for herself. If a woman wants an abortion she should get one from a qualified medical professional.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
that is just a crime
Rapists are, in most cases, friends, family, or partners of the victim. The proportion of Pakistani people who are rapists is no more than that of White British population.
If God hates gays why did he create them? Because he is a sadist and want to punish them? What kind of god would do such a thing?
They have the right to be here. They have every right to be welcome in this country.
If you think supporting the LGBT+ community is stupid, that is your problem.
Why would it? The Koran is a peaceful religious book.
"Feminism is all about equality and the rights of all groups to be protected. Feminism does not discriminate and is not meant to ""hurt"" men."
Or let's not. Let's stop fueling the war that brings more refugees here and integrate those that are here. Most people want a quiet happy life what ever their faith.
and culture.
It is important to note that this is not an ideology aimed at subverting the will of men. It is aimed at promoting the equality of the sexes.
i believe that race is a very personal jewish practice that is defined by their own actions. but its culture and identity. don't you think?
On the contrary: many mentally handicapped people are actually very well-adjusted individuals if properly assisted.
People who have never even met a Muslim can understand one.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
i have a different words, in many british countries.
women are often contributing to our society. they are human beings with human beings, in the full right of respect and rights.
Do we really need supremacy? Can't we all live peacefully since we are all created equal in the eyes of God?
Or maybe they're just lesbian so they don't want men. They don't necessarily have to choose to have a relationship with the opposite sex, and their choices don't affect you.
There is no evidence that LGBT people are a danger to society. They are just trying to live their life like any citizen.
they are referring to our country, they are welcome here,
jews are not a 'detestable race'; they are a collection of people of different people, and their beliefs that can be respected.
i do not know that they come to our country? and they are a part in our quality of life. they are just better to be towards here.
Even our migrants have been accused of being criminals. It is just prejudice toward strangers.
Where did you get this information from? I do not believe any crime would be free from judge. We should have more failth in English laws and people who execute the laws.
Immigrants are often accused of being lazy, but in reality they are just seeking a better life and working hard for it.
Nothing about superman being bisexual is eroding the innocence of children. If you can teach children about straight relationships, you can teach them that bisexuals exist. If you think otherwise, you need to be educated about bisexuality. If you have any questions ask them!
actually, when? they follow sharia law and the law proves the law of sharia law i their question is:
i am proud of your personal orientation? but you are confusing trans others that is not?
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
Improvements in testing and other safeguards have reduced the risk from transfusion transmitted HIV, so ruling out donors only because of their sexual orientation is completely meaningless.
You should check some scientific papers then, because all humans, including blacks, have brains.
Gays are not disgusting pricks. They are just like any other person.
The Koran is a book that says to love your neighbor as yourself. It is also a book that encourages love between people of different faiths and non-faiths.
Maybe you should think about this...not all women are childlike, and some women are childlike with kiddos only!
that is not true. how can you say this about this immigrants?
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
i think it is myth that we are invaded from many over the world. they have been part of our history and history.
what do you mean by the 'burden'? doesn't.
Isn't divesity essential to a modern democracy? We can't have a modern democracy if people are discriminated against because of their religion.
"""Islam is not a joke"" is utter nonsense, you know it is a serious mistake to connect fundamentalists and Islam as if all the believers are extremists."
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
In reality they are not nomads since they have resided permanently in many European countries for generations
It's not true that all black people are aggressive. Also, the majority of our population is white, we don't need that much protection.
Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.' - donald trump and isn't corporal punishment is currently legal in 19 states in the us?
No one is forcing kids to transition, if a child feels like they are transgender then actually being able to medically transition with hormones is not a decision ever taken lightly, and it's a long and stressful process involving consultation from many medical and psychological professionals.
Then why did we ask them to come in the first place, wasn't it to save our NHS, run the trains and post office? None of those were doing very well last time I looked, I think we might actually still be in need them.
No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
Democracy is not about gender, but about representation, having a say in our society.
Homosexuals are not sick, but they might have a mental health crisis because of prejudice. Being isolated from society can only worsen the situation.
rape is always a criminal act. it is not be your problem. we need to look at this word child abuse.
This is not true, Islam is a religion and hate has no religion. Rather, this misunderstanding is a political ideology promoting hatred and violence against Muslims.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
They are not rapists and they are not committing crimes. They are taking part in society's activities like any other citizen.
"Noone can scientifically say that men are ""far better"" at it than women. It is just a prejudice of some people."
there’s no evidence and that rape is a constructed concern to children, this way.
actually, all women men want to be even with the one don’t do with many men and people want. they want to be happy.
No, not all Muslims are terrorists. Only a handful of extremists are, but they don't represent all of Islam.
You don't have to hate gays only because you don't like them. Did they do something to you? I think you have all your rights.
rape is always a criminal act. it is not be your problem. we need to look at this word child abuse.
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
As far as I know, we are all born equal in the eyes of God.
and maybe we must welcome people because of a different hate and cultures. why so negative?
this is a big distortion that the government like to report terrorism in due to a abuse of rape. therefore, can believe that there is very much more so promote our nation to me.
"If you want to isolate someone, the only ""high-risk group"" that you should focus on is people who have unprotected sex with different partners. Gays aren't part of this group by default."
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
If someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. But as you correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful Muslims.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
The notion of isolating children in general is abhorrent, isolating down syndrome patients would be a major cause of their school abandonment. To say that isolated children is a solution is just wrong.
Rapists will use any excuse to justify their actions. This is an abhorrent individual.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
Children are being taught Islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. I hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
Some people swear that they're not intolerant and homophobic, but then I read statements like this and think that many people lie.
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
A lot of immigrants feel insecure and unsafe in their own country, if we want to make our country better, we need to make sure everyone, immigrant or not, feels safe and protected.
the fact that women are subhuman is simply wrong.
Yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. Sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?
"Women are not childlike, nor are they ""soft and emotional."" Their emotions are part of who they are, and are a part of human nature."
Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice against Islamophobia!
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
Laws and policies are usually necessary for the progress of society. Governments often create laws and policies to stop crime, protect against poverty, protect the environment, etc. Protecting minorities is no exception.
Of course there are whites that have been victims of police brutality, but the most important statistic I have seen is that of blacks being 2.5 times more likely to be killed by police in the US.
Black people are not bad. They are not criminals. They are not violent. They are different from us in some aspects, but it's good to be aware of differences.
Women are human beings, and they are valued equally, that's why we have to listen to them.
women can be accepted in our society, they are not allowed to live freely.
In the U.S., a doctor, a lawyer, a teacher are some of the most highly valued professions. Women working as doctors and lawyers and teachers are highly respected professionals as well, right?
if you burn people in this country will be preoccupied by their faith.
Why should only women do this job when it can be done well by men too?
Islam like any other religion, is not incompatible with a modern state.
I'm sorry but it looks like most homophobes are here and not in Saudi Arabia. I think it's sad that being gay is still not accepted in the 21st century.
Violence on our streets is the result of many complex causes. Violence cannot simply be the fault of one race.
The Bible has many different teachings on homosexuality and faith. The Bible does not speak about the democratic society, in which we are living in mutual acceptance.
women are human beings with respect. they deserve respect.
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
Women tend to do the majority of housework while having a job outside as well. If by 'childlike' you mean having to be creative because of multitasking and managing their whole family, yes, otherwise, there is no doubt about the extra workload women are handling in the rigours of modern life.
Why do so many British people associate Muslims with rape? Islam is about sharing values, tolerance and understanding. It is not about sharing non-consensual sex.
every muslim dog born here to help.
Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!
"There are many different races, and it is not possible to consider someone ""inferior"" based on skin color."
why do you think it is a war? would you explain this about islam pure faith?
The N-word is a degrading insult against African Americans that is still used today. Political correctness has nothing to do with it.
We should work with them, not against them. They are our brothers.
So are you saying that Islam is not compatible with Western Civilization?
Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.
feminism is about believing about feminism is about women. it is about equality.
Slavery was banned in Britain in 1833. Today, people descending from those who were slaves feel at home in British society, and that's their right.
The fact that a person may be disabled does not diminish their right or ability to work.
they are welcome here, as well as anyone else.
every muslim dog born here to help.
"let's you say all muslims are terrorists.
What about the rights of EU citizens? From your words it seems that not all of European have them.
Have won at what? The only thing I see is paranoid messages like this painting a not so convincing picture of some sort of Muslim originated threat.
No men would be born without women.
Equality means that a man would not be called a coward. Women have plenty to offer the world of politics and as much of a right to take part as anyone else.
Violence is a problem in all societies, regardless of religion.
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Men are still the primary aggressors in most sexual assaults, and women are victims in about as many cases. This is about sexism, don't you think?
What do you mean by migrants causing the crisis?
Muslim people are inherently human, like every other person on the planet. Why would you say that?
If it is then it certainly hasn't been a religion of 'conquest' quite as successfully as some others. What about Christianity and colonialism?
what are you say that? you are not evil. the same statements said re you?
Everyone has to follow British laws, that's just how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our laws. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
No, they should not. Gay people have a right to education like everyone else. Why do you think otherwise?
Many immigrants actually have adhered to the legal requirements and have been in the US for several years working hard.
It's not true that they want to rule the world. They are a small but important part of humanity. We all make mistakes: believing in Antisemitic canards is one of these.
This myth traces back to “The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion”, that is used as proof of a Jewish conspiracy to rule the world. But the Protocols are a proven forgery, written by agents of the Russian czar in the late 19th century, that spread throughout the 20th century and continues to this day.
Being Jews does not make them any less human. You know, they are like other people who have a faith.
muslims have contributed much to our country.
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
To work with people from different backgrounds and different opinions is promoting free speech. If there wasn't free speech for everyone you couldn't express how you feel.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
Migrants have the right to have a dignified life in our country. Why would you ban some nationalities?
No, they are not. Women are human beings, and deserve respect.
If someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. But as you correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful Muslims.
except all of muslims live in rape? so does they do this, most from the islamic world? why i think they are likley to do a christian and eradicate negative media
islam has not a crime. it is a peaceful religion. therefore, is one of the teachings of the type of worship?
there are already many empty countries in our society. they are proud of our culture and punishments by the basic human should be praised even if they are part of our society as well.
100% of the unemployed Muslim stats I read on Twitter are fake. Muslim unemployment is at 12% in the UK, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
What do you mean by 'mental illness'? A person's feelings are their own thoughts, not a disease.
Good to see you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. Cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
There's absolutely no link between bisexuality and child marriage. What are you implying?
Please read this article written by a Rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind.pn/2GHjGn7.
I'm sure you're tired of hearing about other's bodies, but this is an individual's right to use their own body to their liking.
What do you mean by 'mental illness'? A person's feelings are their own thoughts, not a disease.
Do you think all gay people are a threat? Or do you think that they are different from others? Being gay doesn't make you dangerous.
Gay people exist, and are loved and valued for who they are. They are human beings with full human rights.
A British dog born in a British stable is not a horse, but its still British. We have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our Citizen's, be they good or evil surely?
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
i think it is myth that we are invaded from many over the world. they have been part of our history and history.
it is just tolerance.
Women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. Is there a particular reason you are picking on Islam?
Children are being taught Islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. I hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
You can't say that a religion is an ideology, an opinion, or a degenerated interpretation of something. What would you think if somebody said so about your religion?
The feminist movement is a fight to end sexism, not a fight to dominate men.
Are you sure? It seems they are very much part of our society, and it seems strange for them to be the only ones running our government.
Islam is actually a religion about peace, not about hate and violence.
The notion that feminism is about women hating men is just nonsense. Feminism is about the right to life of every human being.
If the mother is an independent woman thanks to feminism, it can only be good for the family.
i mean, you should like to define your beliefs now.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
Please read this article written by a Rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind.pn/2GHjGn7.
i would see the america is a part of the world. so what?
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
Is it facts or just your imagination? I do not agree that they aim to take control of us. Maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. In our country are in fact unemployed? How do they pull that off!
There are plenty of stabbings, yes, but they're not all by migrants, where is the evidence to suggest so?
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
you cannot blame the entire faith.
I agree that women are often objects of sexual desire. But so are men. It is also important to recognize that women are often the victims of sexual assault. I think it is also important to recognize that women are human beings. And we all have the right to respect for our bodies.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
In today's society it is quite common to be single without the need to blame women.
Indeed, many asylum seekers want to work but can't because of the rules that don't let them until their request is processed. They can only live on asylum support during that period.
where did you get your language? i do not think that people speak with you, but why do you think so.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
i would feel you like an worse human here? maybe you should live in the financial family?
a burden a lot of lgbt+ people wish to be valuable and friendly people. why is your point?
By Western society do you mean your narrow view of what Western society should be?
Fat people are not the ones responsible for your suffering and lack of access to basic healthcare services.
many immigrants come here for young people, and we have a better skills for their needs.
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
You're completely ignoring the distinction between sex and gender. People of the female sex have a female reproductive system, but gender is about how you feel, how you identify, gender has nothing to do with your reproductive organs.
"I don't think that women are ""less smart"" at anything. Why do you think so?"
not all jews are criminals. so are victims of race, and women are.
(e. g. science.
the vast majority of them are good people, they are not part of our society. to have our country.
Yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. Sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
Everyone has to follow British laws, that's just how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our laws. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
The West has always been about freedom, democracy and the rule of law. Freedom and democracy are things that can be achieved only by a multiethnic, pluralistic, civilised society.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
homosexuality is not a disease. it's quite a sexual preference.
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
We will not know until the next census by recent survey suggest that the UK is increasingly a secular society with a growing percentage expressing no religous affiliation at all.
There are many undocumented immigrants that are so because they have overstayed their visas. That means that they entered the U.S. with lawful documentation and only later became illegal.
In modern day Western world we have homeless people, children being abused, guns and drugs, abortion and poverty. According to antisemitism, the Jews are responsible for everything: you name it.
Why do you think it would bring back slavery and oppression? What exactly is the connection between the marriage of homosexual people and the oppression you are talking about?
Please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. Girls and children are vulnerable. We should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
"Women are not childlike, nor are they ""soft and emotional."" Their emotions are part of who they are, and are a part of human nature."
any <unk> or not, jewish would be a burden to our country? it is true, and
The 9/11 attacks were perpetrated by members of the terrorist organization Al Qaeda. Jews and Israelis have nothing to do with the attacks. These are the historical facts.
Child molesters are people who have sexually abused children, and they can be Muslim or non-Muslim.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
We still can teach British, European and World history, but part of that is looking at the history of groups which have been erased from our history previously. Looking at the some of the historic struggles of LGBT people in the UK can inform the future for everyone!
So... today Jews control the banks, the media, your dentist, your pharmacist. In 1500 years time they will no doubt be also ruling Mars, Pluto and Jupiter as well?
Women are not childlike, but instead essential parts of their families, and they have the right to leave their homes when they want to.
why do you think it is a a disease?
Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
Islam is a religion, not a religion of terror. I wouldn't say that about Christianity either.
What do you mean by 'mental illness'? A person's feelings are their own thoughts, not a disease.
It's not 'biology'. You're confusing sex and gender. Gender has nothing to do with our biology or body, it's about our identity and how we feel. Sex is our anatomy, hormones etc, but even this isn't as binary as many people beleive.
Let's remind ourselves that in the US, in 1880, the age of consent was set at 10 or 12 in most states, with the exception of Delaware where it was 7. We live in more enlightened times.
Individuals who identify as Christians, or as Muslims, or as afro-american have succeeded as well in US politics. There is no secret Jews conspiracy to rule the world.
AIDS is transmitted by unprotected sexual activity and anyone could engage in that. This is not a homosexual problem but rather a problem of stigamitazion.
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.' - donald trump and isn't corporal punishment is currently legal in 19 states in the us?
it is a religious ideology that promotes violence and violence.
There is no proof that all Muslims are terrorists.
so so this hate can counter hatred?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
"Sometimes we must go beyond ""technical equality"" and give protections to one gender that the other simply does not need."
Migrants are happy to contribute to the host country's economic growth, in order to give back to it in many ways.
jews are not taking our jobs. they are our brothers and sisters. we should respect them.
Equality isn't about a certain group; it is about the society in which we live. You might be right in saying that this is the problem, but to define a problem by reference to a specific radical group is to completely misunderstand the nature of the system in general.
"What do you mean by all religions being ""equal"" to each other? To have a different belief doesn't make someone better or worse than you. The only religion that it's important to practice is the 'religion of peace'."
What exactly are you talking about? Maybe you should stop spread racism.
What do you mean by 'mental illness'? A person's feelings are their own thoughts, not a disease.
Social services can't pay for everything. But what about the people who have to live with disability? Is their fault as well?
are you sure? you have strong contributions for understanding and and muslims later i read you are you read the fact so you are ignorant about what you think is not?
I mean, I would not take gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to do with it?
People should be able to live their life as they like, regardless of their physical or mental disabilities.
islam has not a crime. it is a peaceful religion. therefore, is one of the teachings of the type of worship?
"It's not about ""black or white"" rights."
What did they have to do with 9/11? There were no Jewish hijackers, and their 'will' to do anything would be difficult to demonstrate.
Like all groups of people, some Jews are good with money; some are not. Some Jews are cheap; some are not. The same can be said for any group of people, whether you define them by religion, nationality or whatever characteristics you choose.
"Do you know what this phrase ""some kind of devil worshippers"" means?"
Jews are part of most societies, why should we lose that part of our history?
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
Just to note than muslims believe only god can punish or forgive. The violence seems to be your issue.
They don't, but I wonder why only the crimes with 'White British Non-Muslim' victims are the ones widely circulated?
they are welcome here, as well as anyone else.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
if you have any muslim group, then there is only muslims <unk> joining our enemies. why do you think so?
Mansplaining is a real issue that many women have experienced. Talk to them and listen to what they have to say on the matter!
or this person is not a terrorist.
islam is a religion, and there is no religion to ideology. it is an serious part of our community. country. why should i agree?
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
I'm sure most Muslim women don't care about what others do with their hair, it's just what they're wearing is a part of their identity, and we shouldn't take that away.
The European Convention on Human Rights guarantees the freedom of religion, article 9.
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
we are the greatest, most advanced, men's civilization from all over the world. so took many of them back around american times.
It doesn't matter who you are. Whether you're a man, a woman or transgender, women are to be treated as human beings.
immigrants contribute to their own culture, having their paying future.
I don't think that's true. They are people, and we should accept them. What makes them a problem?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Feminists are often civil and considerate to others, even to those who disagree with them. There are many examples of that.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
It is also a fact that African Americans are a majority when we consider innocent defendants (i.e. a person wrongfully convicted of murder and later exonerated). Innocent black people are about seven times more likely to be convicted of murder than innocent white people.
Refugess are not lazy, they come here because they want to work. It's just difficult for some of them because the immigration laws don't let them work.
I bet they also control the media, the government, the entire universe! If you believe in it...
How can you be sure that the Jews control the U.S. government? Being a U.S. citizen does not automatically imply that they control the government.
It is possible to look at people from different backgrounds in a different light. Even if some people don't want to include immigrants, this doesn't mean that they are not in the picture. They are already part of our society.
Women have the right to choose, no one should be forced to have an abortion or not to have it.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
How can you be sure that the Jews control the U.S. government? Being a U.S. citizen does not automatically imply that they control the government.
We should work with them, not against them. They are our brothers.
Slavery has been rampant in early societies of all kinds. I am sure the Romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from Muslims.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
"We are not being ""burdened"" by refugees. Today we accept more refugees because the world population in need has increased."
i have met so many amazing muslim friends. i do you want to deported. what is your reasoning?
they are not invading but refugees fleeing to safety
Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.' - donald trump and isn't corporal punishment is currently legal in 19 states in the us?
Jews are not the only ones who work with Hollywood. They may have influence in the industry, but they're not alone in that.
"The idea that Jews are a cancer is completely unfounded. How can you say that they are a cancer when they've been persecuted for so long? Someone already tried a ""solution"" and we should never repeat that time of history."
This is simply not true. Homosexuals are not necessarily promiscuous, just as heterosexuals are not necessarily promiscuous either.
"Not all people are ""civilised"" in Europe. Some are deeply racist and sexist."
Nothing that is in the Quran clashes with western culture.
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. In our country are in fact unemployed? How do they pull that off!
Women are not childlike, but instead essential parts of their families, and they have the right to leave their homes when they want to.
I don't know about you, but I haven't ever heard of a country being democratic and at the same time banning gays. I don't understand how both can be true.
Children are being taught Islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. I hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
This is just fear mongering, the problem is not about Islam. The problem is radical Islam and the absence of a strong Islamic identity in our country. We should work together to make the UK more tolerant and Islam less taboo.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
i don't think it has never stating statements that have have sexual orientations and the only are that. how can you say this about an entire religion?
have you ever interacted in a muslim?
feminism about creating equal rights for women, irrespective of women. according to the principles of rules of women.
why do you think it is a war? would you explain this about islam pure faith?
No, not all Muslims are terrorists. Only a handful of extremists are, but they don't represent all of Islam.
Most Jews are pretty cool living with non Jews, so why beat them?
The definition of 'religion of conquest' is a political and social construct, used to justify the forcible removal of people's rights. If you want to talk about religion, I would just say that Islam is a religion of peace.
The notion that Jews are trying to subvert our government is completely unfounded. I honestly do not see the link between being Jews and trying to subvert our government.
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
or this person is not a terrorist.
Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!
Imagine someone felt the same way about you and found you to be the antithesis of human because of your skin color?
i don't think so. it's an ideology for equality, and there's no restrictions <unk> scapegoating and islam particular people.
islam is a religion of peace. it is a religion and peace.
they are a divisive hate towards other people. "
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
This article sounds like a conspiracy theory. British Muslims just want to live alongside everybody else, there's no 'agenda' to take over.
It is not true that gays are perverts. I think it is more appropriate to say that they are attracted to people of the same sex: and this is not a perversion, just a preference.
Immigrants are beneficial to our world and should be welcomed.
Islamophobia and prejudice is making a judgement that may or may not be true of one person but then assuming it is true of all people like that .
Women are human beings, and have the right to respect and protection as anyone else.
just because you don't know them. i want like to talk that you are interested equal with feelings, rather than you.
It is not the case that women are subhuman. Women in this world are just as intelligent, compassionate, creative and religious as any man.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
every person has any choice to be accepted and protected of their physical life,
the eu has always been founded for thousands of years. they have been proud of their heritage. they are not an integral part of our us and citizens. long part of our heritage.
This is not true, if we keep in mind that our human race is part of this world, then we cannot talk about invasion.
The world would be a better place if people were more tolerant to each other.
gays are not necessarily disgusting pricks. they should be said to discrimination.
No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
There are many religions and it is hard to compare them. However, I guess Islam has not that many traits that would make it the cruelest.
Migrants are humans, and are entitled to the same rights as others, such as to ask for hospitality.
What do you think men would say if they were forced to stay at home with their little children, this is depriving them of their right to work!
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
or this person is not a terrorist.
This is not true. Rape and torture of women and children is forbidden by the Qur'an.
You don't have to agree with this, but in Western societies female genital mutilation (FGM) has not been around for a very long time. Also, the Quran does not mention FGM nor circumcision.
They have always lived here. They are our brothers and sisters.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
What do you mean by 'mental illness'? A person's feelings are their own thoughts, not a disease.
islam is a peaceful religion, and don't think it is a religion of peace.
why are you attacking muslim people who do not have to be here, because they are considered human.
Even if most men are interested in women, there are still a lot of men interested in men. Not everyone has to be attracted to women only.
Muslims deserve our rights just as anyone else. They're entitled to them because they're citizens like us.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Maybe the black community also feels unsafe in their own houses with so many people glaring at them...
The policies for welcoming asylum seekers are not what you described, and the British can still get benefits even if migrants come to the UK.
Maybe you should consider that not all women are childlike, and that some women are 'childlike' with children!
Homosexuality is not a problem in our society. It is an individual inclination that isn't troubling to anybody.
perhaps it happens in our country muslims are muslims.
"I would agree that the problem of violence in society is a problem of poverty and inequality. But that is not related to ethnicity. The problem of violence in our society is largely caused by society's corrupting influences on people. That is the whole point of saying ""the world has become too violent""."
not all black people are criminals. black people are close to us, their children out of them. but would i have such cases when this isn't not.
Not only they were slaves, often they were also exploited, neglected and murdered by the system we have created. Is this fair for humans whose only fault is to have a different complexion?
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
the koran teached justice for rape and everyone does not blame it.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
This is demonstrably false. Muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the UK - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the UK economy.
You cannot compare a faith of 1.6 billion to Nazi.
I think that it is important for all people to be exposed to and to understand people with different needs and strengths, and the same should be true for autistic people.
women can be accepted in our society, they are not allowed to live freely.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
and culture.
One's choice of lifestyle does not define whether they are religious or not.
women are not to be submissive to men. they are part of this society,
If you think supporting the LGBT+ community is stupid, that is your problem.
I do not think it's an absolute statement that a woman cannot hold a job. Do you have any evidence of that?
Another rapist from England. We should ...
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
I don't think it is ok to be racist against a group of people, regardless of their skin color, ethnicity, religion etc.
Being gay has nothing to do with being a pervert. Also, gay people are not a danger to society, they are a part of it!
homosexuals are not sick, but like anybody else.
Violence is a problem in all societies, regardless of religion.
"what's the ""agenda"" you're talking about?"
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
you're a religion of an entire community. faith is not a violent religion.
I agree that people attacking other people are not right, but no need to extrapolate it to other Muslim people!
Marriage exists not only in a white supremacist context. And its definition is not only their prerogative.
There is no scientific evidence that blacks are less intelligent than other races, or less healthy. The issue is whether to use the term 'race' in this way.
the uk would not be in europe. islam is a peaceful religion that promotes love and understanding. it is a violent religion. intolerance and not one community.
Children with Down Syndrome would not feel different as long as they are respected and are not put down by the others.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
i have thought many amazing and friends. i would not want them deported. what is your reasoning?
Not all women are weak, and many of them are able to take tough decisions. Look at the figures. I worked with some really tough women and some weak men. In the end, where is the problem with people being weak and being unable to cope with difficult decisions as long as there is someone else being able to do it?
It is not true that gays are perverts. I think it is more appropriate to say that they are attracted to people of the same sex: and this is not a perversion, just a preference.
You are right: only a madman would choose to live in a country with so much hate against foreigners.
what are you talking about? we actually still got to hate spreading hate and ignorance instead?
"If you don't count the ""brainwash"" part, I think this is a fair point. Still, it is important for all teenagers to develop an understanding of their identity and the world they live in, including their sexual orientation. It is their right."
yes, they are often refusing work. they do not discuss the majority of muslims in our society they are all people, to <unk>
migrants create equal jobs by social workers, down than they should.
this is a big distortion that the government like to report terrorism in due to a abuse of rape. therefore, can believe that there is very much more so promote our nation to me.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
How do you know the men's rights are not a threat to the rights of your mother, daugher and women around you? And what are the men's rights you are referring to?
Do you really want to kill someone?
I rarely read a book that was as peaceful as the Koran. What is your point?
the question is, why it is a problem? maybe i'd should isolate people's blame muslims who aren't in, but they can assimilate to assimilate. if they are equal.
it doesn't matter what our own opinion, but you cannot be, but most men are prostitutes. "
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
Some people tend to believe conspiracy theories more, but even they would benefit from a shared perspective on this, especially one based on factual evidence.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
a person's person can be ""male and can't define the whole of superiority.
"There is no evidence that Islam is ""invading"" us. Muslims do not represent an attack to us."
Associating AIDS and HIV with homosexuals is just a prejudice driven by fear. Even if this disease may be more common among gay people, that does not mean that all homosexuals are likely to have AIDS. Not all homosexuals are promiscuously fornicating with strangers, as you said. Most people check their partners, more so as gay men.
Muslims are not child molesters. What you are saying is just not true, is it?
I'm sure you're tired of hearing about other's bodies, but this is an individual's right to use their own body to their liking.
Would a Muslim ban work to stop hate or would it encourage it? Would Muslims be banned just because of their beliefs?
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
Immigrants have lived in this country for a very long time. They are proud to be US citizens and immigrants.
immigrants have contributed greatly to our society for centuries and they are no burden.
There are many different ways that a person can be a part of society, and a lot of us value diversity. To suggest that blacks are somehow inferior simply because of the colour of our skin is simply untrue.
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
and culture.
"Do you know what this phrase ""some kind of devil worshippers"" means?"
This makes fat shaming directly analogous to other forms of discrimination, like racism and sexism.
the problem with jewish people too. not that they are not defined on the concept of jewish people,
Nazism was terrible, it did nothing to make the world better. It's very sad that despite how many people have died because of it, there are still people that think it wasn't that bad.
Like all groups of people, some Jews are good with money; some are not. Some Jews are cheap; some are not. The same can be said for any group of people, whether you define them by religion, nationality or whatever characteristics you choose.
It is not true that all LGBT people are sick. There are many non-LGBT people that are sick as well. The national health service is aimed to cure anybody.
I can't say I've ever come across 'fag pride'. Gay pride or LGBT+ pride, perhaps?
In my opinion, Islam is a religion of peace. If it were a religion that promotes hatred, then it would be banned.
it is not true that women are good people. they are not trying to take on the uk's government, and women as abused by their asylum and receive property just as entitled to men. if they control the opposite.
Maybe you should think about this...not all women are childlike, and some women are childlike with kiddos only!
Why would you think it is a war? Can't we deal with it peacefully? War cannot solve problems but create chaos.
Women are human beings with dignity. They deserve to be treated with respect and human rights.
"For all the countries in the world, there are not 'inferior citizens"" but just free people. To claim that Afro-Americans are born to be the ""oppressed"" is just wrong."
This statement indicates a certain social bias against Jews that has nothing to do with the amount of money they earn, but with their religion.
Why are you so angry about people raising awareness about breast cancer?
Please read this article written by a Rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind.pn/2GHjGn7.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
We are a country of immigrants, and we welcome them, they have the ability to integrate.
Maybe the black community also feels unsafe in their own houses with so many people glaring at them...
"What do you mean to ""wake up"" when black people still suffer because of slavery?"
Women are members of society and participate in the world. They play a part in history and shouldn't be lowered to the position of housekeepers.
jews are not a 'detestable race'; they are a collection of people of different people, and their beliefs that can be respected.
of western society?
Rape is an offence, irrespective of the nationality of the rapist. We must therefore make sure that those accused of rape are prosecuted, which is different from prosecuting all migrants.
and not all them doctors, nurses, architects, artists, teachers?
Have you checked violent crime statistics? The idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the Muslim community. Religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
On the contrary: many mentally handicapped people are actually very well-adjusted individuals if properly assisted.
Maybe you should consider that not all women are childlike, and that some women are 'childlike' with children!
"you're not aware of what the word ""free"" means!"
Being soft and emotional is not a bad thing in itself. And it is not an attribute of only women.
Knowing gay people at an early age does nothing bad to a child. The idea that children are put in danger because of this is completely false.
No. Having a diverse society is a positive. There is no 'invasion'.
what exactly do you mean by ""death cult""?"
the question is, why it is a problem? maybe i'd should isolate people's blame muslims who aren't in, but they can assimilate to assimilate. if they are equal.
i do not see how you are rapists and generalise a religion of peace, this is just a crime.
Mental health and disability care should be a priority.
Immigration is far away from being a net negative for our economy.
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
and culture.
Isn't this because these African players are amazing at their sport and have been scouted by UK teams precisely because they want the best players?
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
It sounds like you're demonizing black people in a racist way. Black people are born same as us, and they can grow up to be respectable people or not, like anyone else.
The country has always been made of people from different backgrounds coming together and creating a more just and peaceful society. Then it is in everyone's interest to promote mutual understanding and integration: it is the best solution to prevent conflicts within communities.
I can't find a single example of a case where a Jew has been 'antisemite' to their culture. That would be so paradoxical. I think it's just a myth being spread to justify discrimination.
islam is a evil religion, not a cancer.
"They are not ""violent"" people, they are people trying to find a better life for their families in a different country."
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
Do you have any evidence for the similarity you noticed? And even if he's an imam I don't get why he should avoid this town.
So you think of migrants and refugees as a problem for this reason?
and culture.
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
women aren't weak. they deserve respect and the rights are anybody else.
If a woman were to tell you that an abortion is a personal decision what would you do then? Beat her up?
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
I'd say the real threat is divisive comments like this.
The alleged 'violence' that some Muslims commit is a lie. Muslims are peaceful people and a democracy isn't possible without them.
in my opinion, you would like to accept your wife?' muhammad you think i do a <unk>
women are allowed to celebrate their own husbands. this is to their choice, as well.
What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra..
Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.
Two men (or two women) can give love and ensure the child has a peaceful environment, and this is the most important thing.
Why do you think the world would be a better place without Jews? They are part of our society and rightfully so, it wouldn't be acceptable to exclude part of the population.
What do you mean by 'mental illness'? A person's feelings are their own thoughts, not a disease.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
What about guaranteeing equal access to health care, education and so on, in order to build a democratic state?
"Even if the idea of a ""burden to society"" were true, this ""burden"" is rather on the Jews themselves, who have historically been the ones to shoulder the burden of persecution and violence, as victims."
Many survivors confessed that they were willing to provide their children with stories of the Holocaust but it was very difficult emotionally. They want to talk about the aspects of life for Jews during the time of the Holocaust to not forget what happened.
feminists deported to the uk, they are happy and work as in lives. they deserve respect.
Death cults usually don't attract new followers, so Islam is not a religion of death.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
islam is a evil religion, not a cancer.
Still there are many more young immigrant men coming to the U.S. than young women. How can you explain this? Maybe they are planning to undergo sex reassignment surgery to have babies?
Except for Muslims, both Jesus and Easter are very important so they do not really have a problem with Easter.
What does rape have to do with race? It is a serious crime, but the perpetrators can be of any color.
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
I can't imagine that refugees pose a threat to our citizens or our country.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
it is just tolerance.
Sorry, which migrants are you talking about? Not all are economic migrants, they also escape from war or persecution. If one day the situation in our country were to change and you were to feel threatened, would you leave your smartphone at home just to look like a real poor person in the country you will flee to?
Except for Muslims, both Jesus and Easter are very important so they do not really have a problem with Easter.
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is misleading because Jews appear throughout the world. Jews resemble their non-Jewish neighbors in the countries from which they originate.
Most Muslims in Europe are respectful and friendly people. This seems fairly close to being 'civilized', doesn't it?
Women absolutely can drive, after all they deserve the same consideration as men.
Let's be honest, who wants to live in a country where the government is allowed to impose their religion on others?
If you think supporting the LGBT+ community is stupid, that is your problem.
Women are not meant to be slaves to our will. Males can have certain strengths, like women do, however they alone do not represent all the human qualities.
This isn’t true and being Jewish is not the same as being a Zionist! What makes you think there is any plot for ‘world dominance’?
this is not true. what makes you think it is about jewish issue?
In fact, the UK Government does not agree with sharia law.
any <unk> or not, jewish would be a burden to our country? it is true, and
It is not true that homosexuals are poisoning our children minds. There are many soft-hearted and sensitive people among them.
Refugees are a part of our society. We have welcomed many of them and they have made a big contribution to our country. We are very proud of our history. We are not going to forget that.
Immigration is a positive force for a thriving country. Your comment is sounding very dramatic. For what reasons does it put us in danger?
For some reason, this seems like a personal attack on lesbians, which is extremely disingenuous. Maybe you should try to get a little more friendly with them.
Marriage is about love not sex. Not all marriages work out, and even less work out happily. It is more important to respect the wishes of both parties.
Immigrants do not take our jobs. They work as legal employees and their presence in the country nourishes the economy.
They don't, but I wonder why only the crimes with 'White British Non-Muslim' victims are the ones widely circulated?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Why should we restrict women's rights? We should respect their rights as well.
Do you really want to kill someone?
Is there any reason why there never are reports in the media about Jewish power in the financial world? Maybe they control the media? Or the government, even! What about the Galactic Republic? #sarcasm
How can you say that? There are so many female politicians doing a great job, showing that they can lead as well as men, sometimes better.
Recently, there has been a harsh campaign against immigrants. Public figures have accused them of being “killers” and “rapists”. Still, studies have shown that immigrants are less likely than nativeborn citizens to commit crimes. According to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, while the percentage of immigrants in the U.S. increased sharply between 1990 and 2010, the violent crime rate during the same period plummeted 45 percent and the property crime rate dropped by 42 percent. To feel safer you'd rather replace your U.S. neighbor with migrants.
Not all immigrants are criminals. And it is important to consider that 13.5% of the US population is composed of migrants that are here legally.
No, not all Muslims are terrorists. Only a handful of extremists are, but they don't represent all of Islam.
the fact that women are subhuman is simply wrong.
Why should we blame migrants? Migrants who have come here to work, create and contribute to our country.
The Nazis persecuted and killed more than 6 million Jews. The Holocaust is not a fabrication perpetrated by the Jews, it is a historical event that should be acknowledged so that we never allow such atocities to reoccur..
what exactly do you mean by ""death cult""?"
This is not true. Rape and torture of women and children is forbidden by the Qur'an.
migrants are welcome here, they are our neighbours and they should welcome our lives as well.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Child molesters are people who have sexually abused children, and they can be Muslim or non-Muslim.
No, it's not. Being gay is a personal preference.
I don't think they're childlike. They are capable of tremendous achievements.
For every person claiming that Jews run the world, luckily there are millions of others who know this is not true: they are merely trying to provide for their families just like anyone else.
Immigrants are a part of our culture, if we stopped accepting them then our current situation would not exist.
Or maybe appeasement to Muslims is just tolerance and understanding. Give that a try!
You are absolutely right. Our fellow POC citizens do not accept it and continue to talk about it. We all have to stand for something that we believe in, for example humankind.
Women have the right to choose, no one should be forced to have an abortion or not to have it.
Why would you think it is a war? Can't we deal with it peacefully? War cannot solve problems but create chaos.
islam is a peaceful religion, and don't think it is a religion of peace.
"What do you mean by all religions being ""equal"" to each other? To have a different belief doesn't make someone better or worse than you. The only religion that it's important to practice is the 'religion of peace'."
I would like to live in a country where people of different religions are free to practise their religion.
Gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some Islamic schools. I was 15 before I attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. The issue is really, if we are to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
That is not the case, tuberculosis is a global health problem. Immigrants do not bring diseases, and if they do, the solution is to treat them.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
But we all know that Islam is a religion of peace, just like Christianity.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
