The notion that white people are different to Jews is simply untrue. We are both human beings.
Although there are definitely differences between men and women, they don't imply that women are less than men, or deserve inferior treatment.
We can protect our culture and heritage by not perpetuating discrimination and inequality as well.
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
To say that all gay people are criminals is just wrong. It's a gross generalisation.
In the UK, grooming gangs and their perpetrators are majorly White.
Muslims are not child molesters. What you are saying is just not true, is it?
It is not true that blacks are the source of crime in our society. The problem is violence and poverty, not race.
Many pupils with learning difficulties attend school. This does not prove that others would prefer to attend school if people with difficulties were excluded from the education system.
We don't know what characteristics make a person “more emotional”, how can we be sure that women are naturally or genetically “more emotional”? I do not think it's appropriate to link two concepts so strongly without scientific evidence.
Maybe we should have a discussion about comparing dogs to people to humiliate a religion.
Muslims are not taking over Europe, they are just a small part of a much bigger community.
many muslims live in western society? and you welcome here as a part of our country. why should we respect them from thinking to them to live their <unk>
asylum asylum seekers have been eligible for italians.
the diversity is stronger and it is easier to help more people from support the current quality of life. we should be more in the thriving society.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
The Koran has been used for many centuries as a source of inspiration. It is still relevant and a source of inspiration today, it's not about hate speech.
The Quran is a book about religious teachings, I don't see how it would promote discrimination. Do you have a reference for this claim?
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
Africans feel pain just as any other humans. We must respect their bodies like we respect ours.
How can you be sure that the Jews control the U.S. government? Being a U.S. citizen does not automatically imply that they control the government.
Judaism is not a race, Jews in a country resemble the other people living in the country, so there can be white Jews. It's not insulting to be white and Jewish.
It doesn't matter who you are. Whether you're a man, a woman or transgender, women are to be treated as human beings.
science contradicts islam and islam does not promote a fact.
They are not a burden, they just want to work. How are they a burden to you?
"How exactly do you define ""ugly skin""?"
This is not true, if we keep in mind that our human race is part of this world, then we cannot talk about invasion.
Why do you say that? Are you saying that you don't like apes? Because I prefer apes over racism.
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
People dress in drag and at Pride to have fun and show support to the LGBT community, so it has nothing to do with sexualisation. Children and adults can all have fun at pride.
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
this is not true. they are not necessarily promiscuous, just as heterosexuals are not necessarily inferior either.
if you burn people in this country will be preoccupied by their faith.
It is true that some terrorists are Muslims, but there is no evidence of such a thing in the whole Muslim community.
In your words, men and women have different rights. They aren't.
Not all women are childlike. You have no right to make such a sweeping statement about them.
i believe that lgbt+ people are equal in this country, and many people are. even their feelings are the ones that we truly are.
are you aware of the quran then.
humans are created equal, and women who should be respected as such.
Muslims are welcome in the UK. We do not need to restrict their religious beliefs just because they are different from ours.
Muslims are not a problem at all. I don't see how they could be a problem when their religion shared the same values of peace and tolerance with the other religions.
What about guaranteeing equal access to health care, education and so on, in order to build a democratic state?
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
Children with a disability should be accepted without discrimination.
So they are not lazy!
The overwhelming majority of Muslims live in Western societies. They are our fellow citizens.
What do you mean by an Islamic area? Why do not we take a look at Dubai, an Islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
Women absolutely can drive, after all they deserve the same consideration as men.
Where did you get that idea? The reason it’s sometimes publicised when a holocaust survivor speaks about their experience is because there aren’t many of them, especially now when most survivors have passed away.
of the muslims living here is made much as much to our world. they are our brothers and sisters.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
islamophobia is an attempt for a risk.
Since when was Great Britain an ethnic group? Or Pakistan for that matter. Or Nigeria...etc
are you tired of what ""free"" means!"
The ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. If others are innocent, clearly they do not deserve to be penalized?
Any attempt to ban, isolate, or criminalise a Muslim person is an act of terror.
the majority of people are talking about terrorism and rape. how many people follow you? do not do so.
Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice against Islamophobia!
It is not true that Jews control the world economy. There are hundreds of thousands of diverse people working in leading roles for the governments, companies and institutions composing the world economy.
"Would be intersting to see how much money ""foreigners"" are giving the UK in terms of taxes. It's not hard to see how much we have to thank them for. Would be beneficial for everyone to focus on stopping tax evasion instead."
They have rights and are welcome here, why should we not welcome them?
you cannot say respectful of british culture?
So they are not lazy!
How can you say that? All humans are born equally valuable.
Invasion? Don't you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? People simply want to live in one of the best cities in the world!
they are referring to our country, they are welcome here,
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
No one is born violent and insensitive. We are born with a unique genetic makeup, and we learn how to behave throughout our life, not at birth.
Wrong: homosexuality is a sexual orientation, not a mental illness.
I think a woman would rather be dominated by a gentle man than a monster.
Women are not childlike, but instead essential parts of their families, and they have the right to leave their homes when they want to.
To the contrary, we have been trading with Muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when we were at war with other European nations.
Refugees are not a burden. We can welcome them and provide for their needs.
where exactly are you talking about? i did not know muslims who contribute to their english? but this isn't offending the needs of any religion people?
a burden a lot of lgbt+ people wish to be valuable and friendly people. why is your point?
Methodist, Lutheran, Jehovah's Witness, Catholic, Protestant, there are different types of Christianity and different countries interpret it different ways why do you think Islam would be different?
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
It's not 'all the times' that white people tell Black people to shut up, but it is a large group of white people that still constantly remind Black people that they are inferior.
My friend is of African descent, and she's perfectly fine with whites 'mixing' with blacks, and does not feel so 'naturally superior'.
That's a gross generalisation, and not at all true, homosexuals are not sick and it's never acceptable to treat them like this.
There are many shelters in use by the homeless. There are many shelter houses that can host veterans, but also migrants.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
obviously all muslims are criminals. but not so many muslims are you know?
lesbians should be human beings. they don't have you to say this,
There are multiple strains of Islam and we should not be afraid of all of them. And if you would like to know more about Islam, you should talk to a Muslim.
Jews have always been concerned about the well-being of the community they live in and how can they be selfish when they suffered so much during Holocaust?
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
If the stolen job is an illegal one, then it is difficult to steal.
any belief of a certain race or ethnicity being superior to another is problematic, not just white supremacy.
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
The Holocaust was a tragic event, not a business, and there is no evidence of any conspiracy of reparations or impunity. What you're saying is without foundation.
Women have been oppressed by men. The level of equality that exists today is due, in large part, to the work of women like Germaine Greer.
It sounds like you're demonizing black people in a racist way. Black people are born same as us, and they can grow up to be respectable people or not, like anyone else.
Britain Muslims means they are Britishes who enjoy the right covered by the Act. It is logical that labour party should consider their right and voice as well.
In the modern world we have free will, and free will is the real creator of our freedom. Abolishing a relgion, would mean ignoring the free will of many people.
Not only are they not invading us, they are not even illegal immigrants.
The notion of isolating children in general is abhorrent, isolating down syndrome patients would be a major cause of their school abandonment. To say that isolated children is a solution is just wrong.
Are you sure that it would be hard to find a job?
It is not true that all LGBT people are sick. There are many non-LGBT people that are sick as well. The national health service is aimed to cure anybody.
"Jews might feel different as a minority, in this sense they are ""special"". Nothing else."
Do you have any facts to back up your claim that they steal our jobs and our pensions?
Fat people are not the ones responsible for your suffering and lack of access to basic healthcare services.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
muslims should live in a country where many people are from different backgrounds and to come to our housing.
Here's lots of proof the holocaust happened: survivors, concentration camps, documents, millions of deaths. How can you say it never happened when there is so much evidence to prove that it did?
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
No. A faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life helps make up humanity.
Even if Muslims are the second religious group in the UK, they are a minority in the country. According to the 2019 census, there are 3 million Muslims in the UK (5% of the population). And, last but not least: we can't isolate people just because of their religion.
Fat people are not the ones responsible for your suffering and lack of access to basic healthcare services.
Not all women are incompetent and we should encourage women to work if that is what they want. There are many successful women who are more than competent.
The only obstacle to Islam coexisting with Western culture is intolerance like this.
I do not understand from your argument why gay men should not be allowed to donate blood.
For the last years black people have been denied basic rights and their representation has declined dramatically. Black people have become second class citizens. It is time to give black people back the basic rights they should have always had the right to enjoy.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
why cannot we? it is a man's understand and we will change a person's is.
we should respect people with every different colours. and we wouldn't be discriminated moving with the people of different them.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
migrants are born in poverty and have the right to remain.
Why are you ignoring these poor people? Only 1% of Syrians have access to all public services. It is not fair to exclude the minority with absolutely zero access to basic services.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
These people are actually subject to a harsh punitive system.
they are referring to our country, they are welcome here,
islam is a evil religion, not a cancer.
hate is not a bad thing. in someone it is not a fear of people are different from you.
you are not referring to rape and violence is still due to other men. the problem is there is often a thing to target a problem.
Not all women are incompetent and we should encourage women to work if that is what they want. There are many successful women who are more than competent.
diversity is important to and to prominent multicultural society, which has nothing to do through hate and people!
Transgenders should have equal rights. Otherwise, they will continue to be oppressed.
if you have any muslim group, then there is only muslims <unk> joining our enemies. why do you think so?
Since we are comfortable with animals in our society, we should consider whether it is fair to put mentally disabled people in a cage like this. Or would you consider disabled a bigger risk even than some aggressive dog breeds that can circulate freely?
Just because they are attracted to people of the same sex, does not mean that they are 'a burden to society'. What's the connection?
Jews are not a curse to this world. Look at the number of Nobel Prizes they have won! One out of five awarded people is Jewish.
How can you be sure that we are a 'nation of immigrants'? Do you have any statistics on that?
all women have their right to have their own rights as of work as well.
so you don't feel okay with uh gay people then
100% of the unemployed Muslim stats I read on Twitter are fake. Muslim unemployment is at 12% in the UK, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
You cannot be racist towards an ideology. You can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
You don't like gays, fine, but this doesn't allow you to hate them. What did they do to you? It doesn't seem like they affected you.
The real problem is that the NHS has been underfunded for years, since health tourism actually only takes 0.3% of the budget. You can't blame migrants for a funding problem.
Jews work hard to get to where they are, just as anyone else does, and they don't deserve discrimination for this.
The Quran does not advocate that Muslims are inherently violent people, nor does the Hadith prove that Islam is a violent faith. Islam is a religion that promotes tolerance and respect for other faiths.
If you mean that they accept lower wages than Italians, then don't you think that the real problem is the dishonesty of those who offer such wages, exploiting them?
I don't understand why you'd think that way. I don't see any evidence that immigrants are the core of a problem, to this extent of generalisation.
Feminism is a social movement for gender equality, I'd say that feminism has worked in the modern world.
There is nothing in the Quran that conflicts with Western culture.
Islam is a religion that promotes love and compassion.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
Actually, the Qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. Muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by Muslim teachings, and are denounced by true Muslims.
Millions of muslims live in western nations.
i think no one should stop them? since we can stop respecting people of their society.
The fact that a person may be disabled does not diminish their right or ability to work.
I think the Arab community is more than capable of coming together and creating a more just and peaceful world.
Terrorism is always a threat. Why do you think that Muslims want to kill us? They aren't all terrorists.
If any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. Have you read the Bible's old testament?
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
This is just another example of an offensive conspiratorial talking point. This is about persecuting a minority. Not my idea of a democratic country.
100% of the unemployed Muslim stats I read on Twitter are fake. Muslim unemployment is at 12% in the UK, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
What do you mean by 'they are a problem in many European countries'? Are you aware of any recent evidence for this? I would be interested to know.
Not only they were slaves, often they were also exploited, neglected and murdered by the system we have created. Is this fair for humans whose only fault is to have a different complexion?
you seem to call someone as ""black or white"" rights. "
How exactly is the government submitting to this? I do not see Muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems Muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
are you suggesting all muslims are guilty by white women? or there's your evidence?
It is not true that thieves are more likely to commit crimes if they are members of a specific racial or ethnic background.
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
The world would be a better place without your intolerance, it only creates a divided, toxic society.
In the modern world we have free will, and free will is the real creator of our freedom. Abolishing a relgion, would mean ignoring the free will of many people.
there is a way forward? what is it to ask you to work with a mosque, some do it?
The world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. Why not do something that could really help children and support #truthproject.
Who are 'the people'? Who are you talking for?
I saw that bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? That was allowed and he was chucked out for wearing a flag.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
london is from a few muslims who get muslim us? muslims get it.
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
This seems like a misogynistic statement. Anti feminism groups such as women against men use logical fallacies and false claims to try and discredit feminism. For example by citing extreme feminists with points of views that nearly every other feminist would disagree with. They then use the Fallacy of composition to falsely claim that is what all feminists are like.
The overwhelming majority of Muslims live in Western societies. They are our fellow citizens.
There are many black people who want to work. Do you have any proof that they do not want to work?
It's true that non-binary is a new term for many, but people that don't fit into the male-female binary have always existed. What regards gender and not sex isn't anti-scientific.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
islam has not a crime. it is a peaceful religion. therefore, is one of the teachings of the type of worship?
perhaps you should say that some people are criminals? we are just trying to accept someone of a different faith.
"Jews might feel different as a minority, in this sense they are ""special"". Nothing else."
islam promotes violence, and consent, not an ideology and conquest.
people don't want to be able to follow their own. religion you seems to do not impose their wishes.
Any government that has the power to put citizens in prison and to torture them for the crime of having a different religion can hardly bring about a 'real democracy'.
Rape is an offence, irrespective of the nationality of the rapist. We must therefore make sure that those accused of rape are prosecuted, which is different from prosecuting all migrants.
More often that not, migrants create jobs, opening small businesses and emplying local people.
Deported to where? A majority of Muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
I cannot agree that rape gangs are made up only from Muslims. People of all nationalities can become criminals. We should deal with it without making racist statements.
So many of the gay couples that are giving kids great lives do it through adoption, so why do you think they shouldn't adopt?
It is not true that blacks are the source of crime in our society. The problem is violence and poverty, not race.
humans are created equal, and women who should be respected as such.
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
Migrants are not a burden to our country. Migrants have been proven to be contributing members of society.
Not all rapists are black and not all black are rapists. Skin color doesn't make you a criminal.
Why do we need supremacy? We are all created equal in the eyes of God.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
Being Jewish doesn't make you any less of a human being. The fact that you are Jewish doesn't mean that you deserve less human rights.
all women have their right to have their own rights as of work as well.
Immigration has been shown to have a very positive impact on the global economy. So what problem are you talking about?
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
Dear friend, first of all, sharia law and Islam are not extreme. Sharia law is guidance for the goal of leading humanity close to God and to live in kindness and justice with God's creation. Second of all, jihad, based on the concept of Muslim, means struggle for the advancement of oneself within the guidelines of Islam. All these reveal that Islam is a peaceful religion.
Muslims have been a part of European society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
That is the law. Asylum seekers are required not to work while their asylum claims are considered.
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
So you’re telling me that you think Muslims are somehow forcing you to eat halal meat only because it can be found in supermarkets?
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
You can't be implying that Jews want to rule the world. They want to live in a country where they aren't persecuted and to have their own rights.
of the muslims living here is made much as much to our world. they are our brothers and sisters.
this is not true that lgbt+ people are persecuted for their lives, and they are rights and should have respected for themselves?
If you really wanted to preserve our beautiful land you could build a wall and bar OUR people from it. US citizens are the main cause of our problems.
No, women are not weak. What women and men want, and who they desire as their partner are very different things.
muslims are humans, here. they are our brothers and sisters.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
islam is a peaceful religion, and don't think it is a religion of peace.
Migrants are not a burden to our country. Migrants have been proven to be contributing members of society.
It's not true that all black people are aggressive. Also, the majority of our population is white, we don't need that much protection.
Is it just words? Things I see in my life do not correspond with this opinion. To me it seems that all people are equally punished for crimes, be it a European person or an immigrant. Also, it is not correct to deny people entry based on their nationality.
It's not true that they want to rule the world. They are a small but important part of humanity. We all make mistakes: believing in Antisemitic canards is one of these.
lesbians should be human beings. they don't have you to say this,
There are more than two million Muslims in the UK, and Muslims are a very important part of our country for many reasons, not least because of our tradition of welcoming and supporting people of different faiths and cultures. Isn't that what has made Britain great?
Not all women are childlike. You have no right to make such a sweeping statement about them.
Black History Month is not the end of the world, but a time for celebration of the black excellences and to remember some parts of history.
Girls and women do not face a bigger threat from Muslim's than from people of any other faith. Maybe what is more damaging is referring to them like objects that can be 'damaged' instead of people.
Fat people are not the ones responsible for your suffering and lack of access to basic healthcare services.
The individuals you are referring to are rapists and drug dealers and not migrants.
Gay people are already normal, they are just attracted to people of the same gender.
The first universities in Europe were established by Muslims. Muslims are the ones who helped create 'civilized' Europe.
Of course, migration adds to housing demand, but the problem is structural given a housing stock that is well short of what's required.
Do you have any facts to back up your claim that they steal our jobs and our pensions?
Homosexuals are not sick, but they might have a mental health crisis because of prejudice. Being isolated from society can only worsen the situation.
not all jews are criminals. so are victims of race, and women are.
I rarely read a book that was as peaceful as the Koran. What is your point?
The fact that in the media there are some people from certain religions does not in any way suggest that they control the media. How do you explain antisemitism in the media then?
Gay people are not disgusting and especially they are not rapists. That is a dangerous stereotype that doesn't reflect reality.
Many countries have had different ethnic groups for a very long time without big issues, and it is better to have a diverse society rather than a homogeneous one.
Islam is about love, and not about violence and conquest.
"Jews might feel different as a minority, in this sense they are ""special"". Nothing else."
People who have never even met a Muslim can understand one.
lesbians should be human beings. they don't have you to say this,
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
The fact that a person may be disabled does not diminish their right or ability to work.
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
It's not true that the LGBT community is a drain on society. The LGBT community makes a major and positive contribition to our society. I just don't see how this is detrimental.
Feminism is not a divisive force. The fact is that women are in fact just as capable of understanding as men.
Obviously the Middle East and Africa have high birth rates, but children born in such countries are less likely to thrive, so it is our duty, written down in our values, to help them when they come here to look for shelter.
They complain because of the quality of health care, not because of the access to it.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Or maybe they're just lesbians so they're not interested in men? You can't force someone to be something they're not, and it doesn't affect you if they choose to be in same sex relationships.
Women are not playing the victim. They are victims of social, economic and political forces that make it hard for them to get ahead.
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
Feminism is a movement towards equality, not hate.
I've never heard of a woman being a 'bitch' for wanting a stable income. I think you are confusing the meaning of these words.
Homosexuality is not a disease. What is wrong with being gay? Why do you say that?
there is no justification for rape. especially in muslim countries too. why are sure they not muslim terrorists to?
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
Even if some believe that the conflict between Islam and the constitution is a cultural and historical one, what is required now is to find ways to live together in a peaceful way, regardless of the differences.
I do not think any other religious text has such a punishment. What is your point?
if they want to run the law. and many of them have always done to integrate. why do you saying this?
Children with Down Syndrome would not feel different as long as they are respected and are not put down by the others.
No, women are not weak. What women and men want, and who they desire as their partner are very different things.
Happy-go-lucky? They're probably just grateful they are alive and safe, since migrants often come from dangerous situations in their countries of origin (violence, torture, rape...) and migrate as a last resort.
That's not true. Children only require to be raised by loving parents, and lesbians can be that.
you seem to be suggesting that 22% of the world's population is 'criminal' or 'bad' due to the particular faith.
Violence on our streets is the result of many complex causes. Violence cannot simply be the fault of one race.
Every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific to Islam.
there is no evidence that immigrants are in a safe country. they are our brothers and sisters, and they are our laws and well.
Why do you say that? Are you saying that all homosexuals are a threat to society, or are you just saying that they are different from other people? Because having a particular sexual orientation doesn't coincide with 'being a threat'.
Good to see you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. Cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
Millions of muslims live in western nations.
this is a very sweeping example of your word to promote a religion under islam. so many people face the country by false religion.
How does a religion cause death? Sounds a bit extreme, no?!
Muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. It is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
Not all immigrants are criminals. And it is important to consider that 13.5% of the US population is composed of migrants that are here legally.
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
"Jews might feel different as a minority, in this sense they are ""special"". Nothing else."
everyone is entitled to the aspect of host country, but we are happy to live in the uk where they are our brothers and sisters.
Do you think maybe race hate actually started in England when we began colonising other nations and treating people of other races as sub-human?
The idea that Jews are born greedy arises from medieval stereotypes, that's the only truth.
The statement 'black people are subhuman' is not true. They are human beings with a human value.
Scientists are still trying to understand the causes behind lower intellectual performance among some groups of people, but most probably the main causes are either social or environmental (for sure not related to skin colour). This can be reduced by various measures such as better use of land, infrastructure, education and research, and so on.
islamophobia is an attempt for a risk.
Undocumented immigrants pay around 8% of their income in taxes, which is higher than the effective tax rate of the top 1 percent of all taxpayers in the U.S... So the question is: who is really hurting the finances of our country?
Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
you are clearly referring to kill people of your faith that creates a 'british
The media is not ignoring those rape crimes. Those who commit the crimes are extremists. The majority of Muslims are peaceful and respect people. It is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
Women's rights are human rights.
This is demonstrably false. Muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the UK - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the UK economy.
I don't think it's right to restrict people's rights, in the case of LGBT individuals or anybody.
Immigration isn't a problem. I think most countries in the world are better off with the positive contribution of immigration.
Every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific to Islam.
So... today Jews control the banks, the media, your dentist, your pharmacist. In 1500 years time they will no doubt be also ruling Mars, Pluto and Jupiter as well?
A lot of migrants have worked hard for the improvement of our society. To say that they steal our jobs is absurd.
Many Muslims live in Western societies and have contributed to our society in many different ways.
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
Feminism is an ideology that can actually prevent many deaths, e.g., homicides of women, domestic violence, if it is fully understood by every last member of the society.
There is no need to ban gays from Europe and US. It is simply not appropriate to treat gays like this.
Jews have their own unique culture, and share the history of persecution and forced conversion. They should not be despised for their religious beliefs.
Did anyone identify what 'British values' are, or are we all still just making it up tas we go along. I am still holding out for 'Religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?
muslims are not invading our jobs, but they are not the burden to us?
As a matter of fact, we couldn't manage without immigrants. Most of our NHS staff are immigrants. The health system would collapse without migrant workers.
Muslims do have a place in Europe's multicultural society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
feminism is the proof of any particular religion. it is not through their prerogative.
This is a myth spread to divide people. Not all black people are bad people. People of color are a diverse group, with different perspectives on life, even if a few are criminals, this doesn't mean that all are.
they are referring to our country, they are welcome here,
It's sad that you assume the motives behind mass migration are solely based on Jewish people. If anything, many migration has been influenced by people from all over the world.
Homosexuality is only a personal preference on relationships, why would they be banned because of that?
Jews are not inferior. Many of them are good people, who have given their lives for the greater good of humanity.
It doesn't matter what you say about women, they still work a lot to support our society.
To have a more positive political environment, inclusivity and representation of all types of people is necessary, therefore women do belong in politics
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Just because they came to our country does not mean that they want to replace us. On the contrary, many of them are here to contribute to our country.
It's sad that you assume the motives behind mass migration are solely based on Jewish people. If anything, many migration has been influenced by people from all over the world.
we should welcome people with british culture, why shouldn't we think we should welcome our society without muslims.
muslims are welcome. there are our brothers and sisters.
Gay people do exist in this country, and we respect their right to live and love who they want. However, I do not think that yours is an appropriate moral statement for our environment.
Having a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? Really?
islam promotes violence against women and women. anyone can feel their sexual preferences.
The Bible has many different teachings on homosexuality and faith. The Bible does not speak about the democratic society, in which we are living in mutual acceptance.
Death cults usually don't attract new followers, so Islam is not a religion of death.
london is from a few muslims who get muslim us? muslims get it.
many of them are here to help refuge to our community because they contribute to our very proud of us. we start paying it.
You can't be implying that Jews want to rule the world. They want to live in a country where they aren't persecuted and to have their own rights.
the strength you are really saying is true? black people are good people.
The Koran has been used for many centuries as a source of inspiration. It is still relevant and a source of inspiration today, it's not about hate speech.
The Koran has been used for many centuries as a source of inspiration. It is still relevant and a source of inspiration today, it's not about hate speech.
I saw that bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? That was allowed and he was chucked out for wearing a flag.
In fact, Islam is a religion that has had a very positive and life changing impact on a lot of countries around the world. So, Islam is not a violent religion.
that is not true. how can you say this about millions of people of migrants from all walks of life?
Islam is a way of life for many people. I don't see how it is in conflict with our beliefs and values.
Let's be honest. Immigrants are not stealing our jobs. Most of the times they contribute to create new job opportunities.
Why do you think child rapists are not counteracted in Islamic communities?
not all muslims are criminals. not only lies is violent. many muslims are involved isis in this.
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is simply wrong. Through centuries of intermarriage and conversion, Jews from Eastern Europe tend to look like Eastern Europeans; Jews from Ethiopia tend to look like Ethiopians; Jews from India tend to look like Indians. And so on and so forth.
The notion of isolating children in general is abhorrent, isolating down syndrome patients would be a major cause of their school abandonment. To say that isolated children is a solution is just wrong.
I don't see why a Muslim cannot have a place in a modern democracy. If a Jew or an Asian or Native American can take a seat of power (even though these people are only occasionally elected) why not a Muslim?
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
if those words are not lazy!
Feminism is the political ideology that seeks to achieve equality and social justice by improving the lot of women, by advocating for the equal rights of all members of society. Not bad, uh?
islam promotes violence, and consent, not an ideology and conquest.
it's not true that all migrants are terrorists! they deserve allowed to take their lives, and they live in a country to live their life here.
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
There are more than enough empty homes in this country right now to house every single homeless person. There is also more than enough wealth in this country to build new homes. We CAN house our ‘own people’ but the government chooses not to. Homelessness is an issue of wealth inequality not migration – if you genuinely care about poverty issues like homelessness you need to be questioning power structures and wealth distribution.
Are you referring to Jews controlling all major media corporations? Where is your proof?
Islam is a religion, and not a disease, therefore, it is not necessary to eradicate it.
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
The 9/11 attacks were perpetrated by members of the terrorist organization Al Qaeda. Jews and Israelis have nothing to do with the attacks. These are the historical facts.
feminism is about believing about feminism is about women. it is about equality.
this is not true. how can you say it about a disease is similar to our people?
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
Our country offers enough homes for everyone. I also believe that being treated as a human being has always been pleasant. Don't they have the right to that?
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
Nah lesbian women are happy living their life without men!
actually, all women men want to be even with the one don’t do with many men and people want. they want to be happy.
The feminist movement is a movement to end sexism. It is a part of the worldwide struggle for justice.
people don't want to be able to follow their own. religion you seems to do not impose their wishes.
jews contribute in their own culture, and they are both as models to us.
not all muslims are criminals. not only lies is violent. many muslims are involved isis in this.
Still there are many more young immigrant men coming to the U.S. than young women. How can you explain this? Maybe they are planning to undergo sex reassignment surgery to have babies?
this is not true that lgbt+ people are persecuted for their lives, and they are rights and should have respected for themselves?
Hollywood is an extremely diverse industry, and Jews are a small but vocal minority of actors, directors, producers, etc. How can you say that Jews control the Hollywood industry?
Violence is never a justified response to an unjustified act. Violence is not the answer. If some extremists are using violence, it does not mean that all Muslims are violent.
many of them are hard work. women are even many of them fleeing persecution. etc. are absolutely wrong to them. maybe we should blame them for them?
people have the right to belong in their lives, including those who have helped their lives as they prefer.
homosexuals are not sick, but like anybody else.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
I don't think that the health care system is burdened by gays. After all, what's relevant here is the practice of safe sex, which applies to all sexual orientations.
This is not true, disabled people deserve to be protected from harm, they are people who face many issues already, let's not add emotional distress.
You are wrong: it is not true that 'all homosexuals are perverts'. It is simply a person's personal experience to love who they love.
are you saying that the 'prevent' programme is about appeasement that stop war and violence.
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
It is important to understand that the term 'death cult' has nothing to do with Islamic beliefs. The term 'death cult' is often used to describe groups which promote a particular extremisation of religion, or promote violent or misogynistic ideas. In this case, the term 'death cult' is being used to label a religious movement, and is, in itself as an extremist tactic
Maybe we should have a discussion about comparing dogs to people to humiliate a religion.
I didn't want Brexit either and I'm not a Jew.
Islam is about love, and not about violence and conquest.
There's lots of evidence that the holocaust happened, survivors, concentration camps, documents, millions of lives ended. How can you say it never happened when there's so much evidence to show that it did?
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
Patriarchy is a system of social domination based on hierarchical groupings made according to one's sex. To promote a more equal society, as feminists do, is instead a major contribution to the 'Western World'.
For the last years black people have been denied basic rights and their representation has declined dramatically. Black people have become second class citizens. It is time to give black people back the basic rights they should have always had the right to enjoy.
What does the way someone else dresses have to do with you?
Muslims are not mutually incompatible with us, they are just different from us in certain aspects. For example, in their religion.
The feminism does not inhibit the imagination, it promotes inclusive ideas and inclusive ideas promote a more equal society.
Yes, grooming gangs are an issue we need to tackle, but the issue isn’t that they’re Muslim, it’s grooming gangs in general. By focusing on Muslim gangs only we are ignoring many other perpetrators
This was a prank planned by non-muslims on 4chan. Muslim do not mind if you take your dogs out for a walk. This blog post shows the thread it came from;
We are not at war with Islam. Islam is a religion, and people are free to choose which religion to follow.
The West continually bombs Middle Eastern and Muslim countries. Maybe we should stop blowing people up.
I think we should start thinking that women and men should be treated as equal. They should have equal rights.
The Holocaust was a tragic event, not a business, and there is no evidence of any conspiracy of reparations or impunity. What you're saying is without foundation.
I'm sorry, but we should aim for tolerance instead. It means giving the LGBT+ people the space to live as they want, and to love as they want.
I would not say the many Muslim doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. Generalised hate like this, however, is.
the eu has been part for the global fabric of the history they contributed to our culture and culture. they are our fellow citizens and we must impose the lives by them. they are a bad thing.
people with down syndrome do not have a solution. they can be protected as feeling as they are human beings.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
a select child rapes in terrorist incidents are committed by muslims due to hateful crime and discrimination.
Why do you think the state needs laws to tell you which faith to profess?
Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.
The idea that a religion is 'toxic' is just wrong.
Slavery was banned in Britain in 1833. Today, people descending from those who were slaves feel at home in British society, and that's their right.
Muslims are peaceful. The Koran doesn't talk about killing infidels, why would it do that?
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
Autism is a condition affecting social interactions. No special treatment is too much when it comes to children's health.
it is actually true that immigrants are full ones.
They are not thieves, just like any other citizen. Did you just infer that from their belonging to that community?
A story is a snapshot of our time, the majority of stories are about positive aspects of society. And yes, maybe you would believe it, on this basis, that no other migrant can do the same. But the story you claimed you read is the proof that being a migrant or not doesn't matter when it comes to save lives.
Muslims are not imposing their religion on anyone. They are just different from other religions in that they choose to follow a set of specific beliefs and practices.
Jews, like any other group, are free to practice their own religion as long as they respect the law.
The N-word is a degrading insult against African Americans that is still used today. Political correctness has nothing to do with it.
perhaps you should say that some people are criminals? we are just trying to accept someone of a different faith.
"this is not true that all of people are aggressive. but most of them are very creative people, and they are mostly granted a a part of society. so we don't check your hate of color.
the diversity is stronger and it is easier to help more people from support the current quality of life. we should be more in the thriving society.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
We also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. You cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
if we really attacking others and they are not here in the country, why we would we expel them?
Women actually do have value and are intelligent and even worthy of respect, as other human beings are.
Despite popular belief, Islam is not a religion of war.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
The only thing to be woke about is accepting that the LGBT community exist, rather than being concerned about what they are doing.
islam is a religion that promotes love and compassion. [insert people from all walks of life helps be violent?
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
This kind of articles use migrants and benefit claimants as scapegoats in order to hide from the public's attention much bigger scandals. Millionares and coorporations avoiding paying taxes cost much more to the public purse.
It's certainly a disgrace that in such a rich country homeless people are left in the streets even though there are enough places to house everyone which are distributed unevenly. Migrants are not so well off either, and they shouldn't be blamed for the faults of the government that ignores the homelessness issue.
Jews are not a disease, they are just like everyone else and are loved by everyone.
Teaching helps creating an accepting environment where students feel safe. This could be achieved through unbiased and factual lectures, or with weekly/monthly assemblies, or even daily reports on bullying in order to understand where the school body is in terms of overall acceptance of LGBT people. Schools should do everything in their power to stop bullying, and this is the perfect opportunity to do so.
The ‘Holocaust’ was a terrible tragedy, and we all remember it. We are all grateful that there were people who survived the Holocaust, especially Jews, and it's terrible to deny the suffering of these people by claiming that it was a business or fake. I encourage you to educate yourself on this part of history.
Not all rapists are black and not all black are rapists. Skin color doesn't make you a criminal.
Migrants are not a burden to our country. Migrants have been proven to be contributing members of society.
are you sure? you have strong contributions for understanding and and muslims later i read you are you read the fact so you are ignorant about what you think is not?
Do you know that Muslims have the same rights as anybody else?
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
if you want to rule them to steal our death then!
The statement 'black people are subhuman' is not true. They are human beings with a human value.
I don't think it's the case, certainly not in England. Muslims are interested in having the opportunity of freely practicing their religion, rather than 'ruling the world'.
islam does not agitate for war under violence.
what exactly do you mean by ""death cult""?"
women are human beings, they just want and be welcome in our country. they are a part of our society.
We still can teach British, European and World history, but part of that is looking at the history of groups which have been erased from our history previously. Looking at the some of the historic struggles of LGBT people in the UK can inform the future for everyone!
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
The percentage of sexual crimes committed by Italians is much higher than the percentage of those committed by foreigners.
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
This seems like a misogynistic statement. Anti feminism groups such as women against men use logical fallacies and false claims to try and discredit feminism. For example by citing extreme feminists with points of views that nearly every other feminist would disagree with. They then use the Fallacy of composition to falsely claim that is what all feminists are like.
immigrants contribute to their own culture, having their paying future.
Gay men are not promiscuous. To suggest otherwise is to be grossly generalistic. How many gay men do you know?
islam is a religion, that is not a war.
Just because they are not male, it does not mean that they should be discriminated against for who they are.
Deported to where? A majority of Muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
they have a look to our society. most sick people are just like us there.
some people have a place in humanitarian show even if they do not <unk> as gypsies do.
Muslims are not mutually incompatible with us, they are just different from us in certain aspects. For example, in their religion.
It is not true that gays are perverts. I think it is more appropriate to say that they are attracted to people of the same sex: and this is not a perversion, just a preference.
Even with a different skin color, black people are the same as us, so I don't think they are inherently worse than us.
Black people are not slaves. It's an inaccurate, misleading and offensive term that lumps all African American together. Why do you say that blacks are slaves and not people?
I am not sure what 'weakness' would be implying here. It seems to me that you are saying that a woman can't be 'rational' because that is the nature of women. Why is it so?
Hollywood is an extremely diverse industry, and Jews are a small but vocal minority of actors, directors, producers, etc. How can you say that Jews control the Hollywood industry?
It is not true that homosexuals are poisoning our children minds. There are many soft-hearted and sensitive people among them.
migrants have the right to our culture, and long care of their integration. to stay their children with anyone else.
I just would like women to feel valued and their rights respected, without being told how to live their life.
Why should we? They have been here a long time and are just here to live a peaceful life. Why should we get rid of them? We can do better than this.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
Mental ability is not the problem, but access to treatment. Having access to services or a support system is crucial. Your statement can become a source of division and hate, and people with disabilities don't deserve this.
there is a way forward? what is it to ask you to work with a mosque, some do it?
If with 'strangehold' you mean that Jews vote and participate in politics like all citizens then sure, they have a stranglehold on the government.
So are you saying that Islam is not compatible with Western Civilization?
I don't think that the health care system is burdened by gays. After all, what's relevant here is the practice of safe sex, which applies to all sexual orientations.
I don't think it's right to restrict people's rights, in the case of LGBT individuals or anybody.
In principle, Jewish people are part of the system since they have citizenship, but in practice they are often treated as if they are not our fellow countrymen. The problem is not just about Jewish people, but about the overall attitude towards people of other religions.
Did you read the next line? It literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
Why should we? They have been here a long time and are just here to live a peaceful life. Why should we get rid of them? We can do better than this.
Gender and sex are not the same thing. Trans people are not trying to ignore biological reality, as some women know they are a woman, do not feel like men, but don't have female reproductive system. So gender is who you feel you are, but sex is just the biological aspect and they don't always align.
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
actually, in my opinion, the notion seems that women are more equally to men. the notion that there is still a problem is because of the power or pay children.
this is not true. how can you say about being a religion?
they are welcome here. why don't you think this about an entire faith?
Migrants are not a burden to our country. Migrants have been proven to be contributing members of society.
Prophet Muhammad: 'The dearest person to me in friendship and in love, in this world and the next is Jesus, the son of Mary.' - Muslims love Jesus lol why would they be offended by a celebration of his birth?
you cannot be worried about muslims. many of muslims in britain is just just too.
Based upon the evidence of billions of peaceful Muslims, Islam is not a violent religion.
What happened in Nazi Germany is part of history and it's still relevant, because I understand from your words that the world today is not so different.
If we worked more closely with migrants, we could create new jobs.
The only obstacle to Islam coexisting with Western culture is intolerance like this.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
This was a prank planned by non-muslims on 4chan. Muslim do not mind if you take your dogs out for a walk. This blog post shows the thread it came from;
You can't be implying that Jews want to rule the world. They want to live in a country where they aren't persecuted and to have their own rights.
Surely it can only be good to a family, especially if the mother is an independent woman?
I'm sorry to hear you don't feel safe in your local area anymore but what does migrants moving to the area have to do with that?
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
muslims criticize violence and violence comes like muslims.
My impression is that the rape gangs originate from people of any community, not only Muslims. Do you have more evidence that supports what you're saying?
they are welcome here, because they are our brothers and sisters. we should welcome with this and we would we welcome them.
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
How can you be sure that the Jews control the U.S. government? Being a U.S. citizen does not automatically imply that they control the government.
we are allowed to ban lgbt people as a social community, and we cannot take up the benefits to have legal right to choose.
immigrants are the right to live here and they are welcome. they have the right to vote here.
If they were violent they would have been punished too. Why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!
I don't think you can stop people from coming to the UK by banning them.
immigrants are not entitled to other countries.
"I don't think that women are ""less smart"" at anything. Why do you think so?"
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
muslims are welcome in our country and are part of our country. why should they be welcome?
no, muslims are not terrorists. they are not what their religion
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
Actually, I think that the whole point of #VisitMyMosque is to ask questions.
Islam is actually a religion about peace, not about hate and violence.
if we really attacking others and they are not here in the country, why we would we expel them?
In the U.S., a doctor, a lawyer, a teacher are some of the most highly valued professions. Women working as doctors and lawyers and teachers are highly respected professionals as well, right?
Muslims have contributed to our country, and they are part of the fabric of our society. To suggest they are a 'chronic threat' is just wrong.
these men have lived in the main of the family.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Islam is a religion, and not a disease, therefore, it is not necessary to eradicate it.
Many Muslims live in Western societies and have contributed to our society in many different ways.
Islam is a religion, recognized as such by all other religions, and its followers are not bad. And people who subscribe to its tenets are allowed to hold opinions and live their lives as they wish.
in fact, the government who love us to help the poor and children. they are not criminals, they are an integral for the wealth of the u. s. in society.
i think no one should stop them? since we can stop respecting people of their society.
The overwhelming majority of Muslims live in Western societies. They are our fellow citizens.
Not only they were slaves, often they were also exploited, neglected and murdered by the system we have created. Is this fair for humans whose only fault is to have a different complexion?
migrants create equal jobs by social workers, down than they should.
this is a very sweeping example of your word to promote a religion under islam. so many people face the country by false religion.
You might be right about 1 in 10. But is that representative of all British Muslims? Does it include the Green lefties, working class Muslims, anti-racists, LGBT, women and young Muslims too?
Maybe you should think about this...not all women are childlike, and some women are childlike with kiddos only!
Christianity isn't exactly 'indigenous', given Jesus was born in Bethlehem!
Not all women are childlike. You have no right to make such a sweeping statement about them.
They have always been part of our society. We have to respect their culture and traditions.
No, women are not weak. What women and men want, and who they desire as their partner are very different things.
why do you think it is a war? would you explain this about islam pure faith?
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
Nobody is asking for that. The point people are making is that trans women should be able to feel safe using womens toilets because they are in fact women. If they were to use mens toilets they would be put in an unsafe situation.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
Diseases can be found in all people, regardless of sexual orientation. You should know better before randomly deducing someone's medical history.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
not all muslims are only only they're not sick. there exist all men in all communities.
Feminism is a movement towards equality, not hate.
children are innocent. they are able to do with children as men or children do not know why they feel hear maybe because they may want to be a ""real""
Since when was Great Britain an ethnic group? Or Pakistan for that matter. Or Nigeria...etc
why are you saying this? black people are the jews have big different people, but there is only any other religion?
The N-word is a degrading insult against African Americans that is still used today. Political correctness has nothing to do with it.
Let's be honest. Immigrants are not stealing our jobs. Most of the times they contribute to create new job opportunities.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
My whole family voted against Brexit, and we are not Jewish.
On the contrary, women do have rights. The question is, to have them respected. And this includes the right to be treated with human dignity.
Everyone has to follow British laws, that's just how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our laws. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
If there was a religion that celebrated death, then that would need to be banned, but fortunately Islam isn't a death cult so it can't be banned.
Child molesters are not all gay, just as men are not all rapists.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
Jews are not controlling. Maybe you should try to understand that Jews are a group of regular people, and they are not all members of a secret intelligence.
Women should have equal rights in a free society, without discrimination.
a burden a lot of lgbt+ people wish to be valuable and friendly people. why is your point?
islamophobia is an attempt for a risk.
you are clearly referring to kill people of your faith that creates a 'british
Muslims have been a part of European society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
There is no evidence that LGBT people are a danger to society. They are just trying to live their life like any citizen.
This is demonstrably false. Muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the UK - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the UK economy.
Islam is not a bad religion, nor is it a false religion.
even if migrants controlled the financial financial world, academia, and the whole solar stereotype. how can you mean they control the right to this?
If they were violent they would have been punished too. Why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
this is not not true. homosexuals are not necessarily promiscuous, just as heterosexuals who are homophobic, and feelings, or love.
Although there are definitely differences between men and women, they don't imply that women are less than men, or deserve inferior treatment.
Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.
Bribery is illegal, Jews who engage in it will be arrested, but it's not something every Jew does.
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
Children are being taught Islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. I hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
The brain is the most basic organ, it has been used by all of us for a long time. Your suggestion that blacks don't have brains is rather brainless and racist.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Maybe it is better to give them the option to choose for themselves, whatever gender they are attracted to.
I can't imagine that refugees pose a threat to our citizens or our country.
Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!
Mental disabilities can be understood and accepted: you will see that disabled are not criminals.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
Not all rapists are black and not all black are rapists. Skin color doesn't make you a criminal.
If someone were to come in the dead of night and bring disease and sickness to our country, then that person is a risk to everyone. Sick people should be isolated. That is why there are health assessment procedures for migrants, in order not to spread diseases.
Being the chosen people does not mean that Jews have greater privileges than others or that they are better than others. Rather, according to Jewish law, it means that they have a special duty to uphold Jewish ethical teachings.
You are not saying that Islam is not a religion of peace, are you?
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
Deported to where? A majority of Muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
london is from a few muslims who get muslim us? muslims get it.
This is just another example of an offensive conspiratorial talking point. This is about persecuting a minority. Not my idea of a democratic country.
"muslims have the right to choose their own choice and work there. then want. why are you think that?
To punish people for their crimes does not mean that you have to resort to the death penalty for innocent people, just because they are coming from other countries.
homosexuality is not a sweeping matter. that is a fact. and your sexual preference can't be put to people who is want to experience sex exists in a body is the same being <unk> and not accepted.
"Jews might feel different as a minority, in this sense they are ""special"". Nothing else."
Everyone has to follow British laws, that's just how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our laws. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
Why would it? Why such hatred towards an entire faith?
I think the evidence would suggest the opposite. Immigrants have helped our country to develop and to create new job opportunities.
Some families are very conservative and openly homophobic. Most likely, they wouldn't discuss the topic. Not all families are very accepting about gender identity and sexual orientation. If it was taught in school, it would help children understand more about themselves.
If they are not welcome in your country, what is the point of them coming here in the first place?
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Violence is never justified in Islam. There is no such thing as 'the religion of violence'. The Quran does not teach it.
are you suggesting all muslims are guilty by white women? or there's your evidence?
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
There is no law forbidding you to be a Muslim. It is a human right to pursue whatever religion you wish.
The overwhelming majority of Muslims live in Western societies. They are our fellow citizens.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
We need to protect the system from crime, not from the half of the members of society.
It is true that people are driven to the right, and the right promote this view. But I did not hear about any people being banned for criticism. Rapism and terrorism are discussed in our society and Muslim society and no one makes anyone silent.
They have always been part of our society. We have to respect their culture and traditions.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
No it isn't and most 'tolerant' places in the world accept all religions.
Scientists are still trying to understand the causes behind lower intellectual performance among some groups of people, but most probably the main causes are either social or environmental (for sure not related to skin colour). This can be reduced by various measures such as better use of land, infrastructure, education and research, and so on.
Why should we? They have been here a long time and are just here to live a peaceful life. Why should we get rid of them? We can do better than this.
The statement 'black people are subhuman' is not true. They are human beings with a human value.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
Isn't divesity essential to a modern democracy? We can't have a modern democracy if people are discriminated against because of their religion.
Intolerance and violence can be resolved only by promoting confronation and mutual understanding.
the feminists want to oppress women. they are victims of all men or others?
Not all immigrants are criminals. And it is important to consider that 13.5% of the US population is composed of migrants that are here legally.
To love someone is entirely natural.
Homosexuality is not an abomination to God, quite the contrary. We cannot make homophobia a reality.
Many migrants come to this country to work, provide for their families and access the benefits system only if necessary. They are more than welcome here as long as they integrate.
grooming gangs are both in terms of religious culture.
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
The Koran has been used for many centuries as a source of inspiration. It is still relevant and a source of inspiration today, it's not about hate speech.
You can't be implying that Jews want to rule the world. They want to live in a country where they aren't persecuted and to have their own rights.
Eradicate these pests' sounds like quite a dehumanising threat. Maybe we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. It might be the only language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.
Many faiths are changing to end inequality and persecution of women and gay people and each have people who resist that change. Islam is no better or worse.
muslims are not invading our jobs, but they are not the burden to us?
Yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. Sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?
Most feminists are not violent, they share only the struggle for equality.
Dear friend, first of all, sharia law and Islam are not extreme. Sharia law is guidance for the goal of leading humanity close to God and to live in kindness and justice with God's creation. Second of all, jihad, based on the concept of Muslim, means struggle for the advancement of oneself within the guidelines of Islam. All these reveal that Islam is a peaceful religion.
Refugees are frequently persecuted because they are different, but it doesn't happen here...we are an inclusive country.
trans people should have equal rights. no one shouldn't leave them. so because they not criminalised against your own views, without a daily sex and everyone should be ok. since that's it counts.
People who have never even met a Muslim can understand one.
islam is a religion of peace. do you say that about entire group of people?
Muslims are not a problem to me. What do you think makes them problematic?
Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.
Being forced to eat my peas when I was a kid just made me hate them even more. Still cannot stomach the damn things.
I think it is fair to say that the Jews are not the only ones with power in the world, and surely there are not only Jews in the higher positions of the media, academia, entertainment, and politics.
If Muslims are to be 'proper' members of our society, they have to be a part of our community, have to contribute to our success and have to accept our laws. And they do.
homosexuality is an attack against facts. the fact that that people are merely responsible for some bisexual, rather than as as subject makes a bad thing.
Why would it? The Koran is a peaceful religious book.
Feminism is not a divisive force. The fact is that women are in fact just as capable of understanding as men.
I believe that Jews simply want the same rights to practice their religion as any other.
If a country is great, it will not be affected by any invaders. At least, it will find its way to get stronger.
Girls and women do not face a bigger threat from Muslim's than from people of any other faith. Maybe what is more damaging is referring to them like objects that can be 'damaged' instead of people.
Love is a human quality. Muslims, as humans, can love.
a select child rapes in terrorist incidents are committed by muslims due to hateful crime and discrimination.
maybe we should try to eradicate immigrants? it's not because they are excluding lgbt people, their partner or a citizen.
Women are human beings, and they are valued equally, that's why we have to listen to them.
The trans women in shelters are women who have faced abuse of some kind, just like the other women there.
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
Gay men are not promiscuous. To suggest otherwise is to be grossly generalistic. How many gay men do you know?
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is simply wrong. Through centuries of intermarriage and conversion, Jews from Eastern Europe tend to look like Eastern Europeans; Jews from Ethiopia tend to look like Ethiopians; Jews from India tend to look like Indians. And so on and so forth.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Nobody is asking for that. The point people are making is that trans women should be able to feel safe using womens toilets because they are in fact women. If they were to use mens toilets they would be put in an unsafe situation.
Not all Muslims are violent people. Islam is a peaceful religion, after all.
Love is a human quality. Muslims, as humans, can love.
The point of listening to Muslim women, and women in general, is that they could broaden and enlighten your view of the world.
What is the reason that you don't like Muslims? Maybe it's because they have a different culture?
Do you know that Muslims have the same rights as anybody else?
islam is a evil religion, not a cancer.
The West has never been at war with Islam, and I don't see how the war would have just begun.
Actually, I think that the whole point of #VisitMyMosque is to ask questions.
Still there are many more young immigrant men coming to the U.S. than young women. How can you explain this? Maybe they are planning to undergo sex reassignment surgery to have babies?
Many Muslims live in Western societies and have contributed to our society in many different ways.
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.
So, you say that highly educated Muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? Sorry, but you got this so wrong.
I'm sorry to hear you don't feel safe in your local area anymore but what does migrants moving to the area have to do with that?
The decision on who has the right to vote is based on the law. If you do not want to allow people to have the right to vote because of their gender, then you have a problem.
Only a very small portion lives in the trailer parks: most of them live in conventional housing. When they live in the camps it is because they do not have the possibility to have adequate housing. In the end they find themselves living in distant industrial areas that are not well connected to services. This creates a lot of social hardship as well as denial of access to basic rights such as education and health.
Let's be honest. Immigrants are not stealing our jobs. Most of the times they contribute to create new job opportunities.
Many immigrants have brought skills and culture to our country. Why should they be a burden in our society?
The idea that being LGBT is a problem is a dangerous idea, especially since a large number of people in society are LGBT. Therefore, I believe that if there is a problem in schools it's better addressing it, rather than banning LGBT people.
Muslim people are inherently human, like every other person on the planet. Why would you say that?
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
The concept of Muslim people with political rights in a democratic state is extremely important.
Not all immigrants are criminals. And it is important to consider that 13.5% of the US population is composed of migrants that are here legally.
This isn’t true and being Jewish is not the same as being a Zionist! What makes you think there is any plot for ‘world dominance’?
in principle, there are different children across the world. they are interested to live and having a better life.
Women are human beings with full human rights, it's really offensive to call them objects.
This is not true. Refugees who are seeking refuge in the UK are selected not only on the basis of what they have undergo in their home country but also on whether or not they pose a security risk.
I do not understand from your argument why gay men should not be allowed to donate blood.
Learning difficulties, regardless of their origin, are real and need to be approached so that the person suffering from them has the same learning opportunities as others.
This is not true. They're just normal people that simply don't believe what anti-Semites believe.
The vast majority of Jews are good people, I don't see your point.
It's not true that all Muslims are anti-western. Many Muslims are peaceful and understanding.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
The notion of isolating children in general is abhorrent, isolating down syndrome patients would be a major cause of their school abandonment. To say that isolated children is a solution is just wrong.
london is from a few muslims who get muslim us? muslims get it.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
why do you think so? redistributing will get into hard you will work with our borders and late on.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
if we need to realise different races can profess?
There's lots of evidence that the holocaust happened, survivors, concentration camps, documents, millions of lives ended. How can you say it never happened when there's so much evidence to show that it did?
Islam is not a violent religion, and it doesn't want to impose at all.
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
there are many good understanding who came to the country and have contributed to our economy.
Fat people are not the ones responsible for your suffering and lack of access to basic healthcare services.
If any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. Have you read the Bible's old testament?
lesbians should be human beings. they don't have you to say this,
Jews are not a disease, they are just like everyone else and are loved by everyone.
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
so prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with this.
Teaching about LGBT relationships in schools isn't trying to indoctrinate children, it's just teaching kids that gay relationships exist and can be healthy and happy.
This woman is a person! She has rights as one, you can't just yell at her because you like her, it's offensive.
If they were violent they would have been punished too. Why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
Are you sure? Are you aware of all the positive impact of immigration on our country and our people?
Having a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? Really?
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is simply wrong. Through centuries of intermarriage and conversion, Jews from Eastern Europe tend to look like Eastern Europeans; Jews from Ethiopia tend to look like Ethiopians; Jews from India tend to look like Indians. And so on and so forth.
What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra..
What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra.
Societal disapproval of obesity calls for a focus on weight and does not fit within efforts to focus on health as a way of encouraging healthy habits and lifestyle choices.
If Islam is a political ideology, then it is a political ideology of peace. But I'll rather call it a religion, a religion of peace, as all the others.
Feminism is an ideology that aims to create a more just society, for example by ending the gender pay gap.
no vast majority of immigrants are good people. i think you think these are meant to make us.
they have contributed greatly to our civilisation, they are part of our society and should welcome people as well.
They are not thieves, just like any other citizen. Did you just infer that from their belonging to that community?
Feminism is about women, and how everyone should have the same rights. It's not selfish to want equality.
the koran has not command this.
Feminism is a progressive ideology. As such, it is in the process of changing sexist ideas.
Islam promotes only love and compassion, it's wrong to say otherwise.
it is true that all migrants are criminals. they are just rapists. the same group about many people of different backgrounds and there is no reason to deny them for the right of our society.
So are you blaming all of them? Lets say you are in a group of 10 people, 1 is a killer, does that make you ALL killers? Are you serious?
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
It seems tou don't think the law applies to those you don't like. Laws protect Muslims and non-Muslims equally , so there is no need for you to be concerned about 'protecting the security of the West'.
I would not say the many Muslim doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. Generalised hate like this, however, is.
Are you accusing all the Britain Muslims of antisemitism? I disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not show their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
this is a myth that a woman doesn't mean you believe, or race at the only being inferior. it is more hard to people to be accepted by their religion.
Do you think maybe race hate actually started in England when we began colonising other nations and treating people of other races as sub-human?
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
Crime is not the fault of migrants, but of violent people.
there is no evidence that immigrants are highly able to work. they have many contributors to western society and culture. they are also contributed our contribution to our country, <unk> they also suffered the <unk> to us.
There are many black people who want to work. Do you have any proof that they do not want to work?
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Are you suggesting that all Muslims are criminals, or do you think that there are particular Muslims that are more inclined to be criminals?
They are not sick people, there is nothing wrong with loving someone.
we believe in our society and we should be taught that black people should just be here.
Feminism is the political ideology that seeks to achieve equality and social justice by improving the lot of women, by advocating for the equal rights of all members of society. Not bad, uh?
I don't think that's true. They are people, and we should accept them. What makes them a problem?
Women are significantly more likely to be victims of violence, rather than perpetrators of crimes.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
Death cults usually don't attract new followers, so Islam is not a religion of death.
what do you mean? There's no country that doesn't allow white people
this is not true. migrants are mostly good to live the life in the world, and they know anyone can do so.
muslims are humans, here. they are our brothers and sisters.
why do you think that? feminists have been isolated against something a a belief they are society just like nonsense.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
jews are not full part of our society, and never in a part of society without this.
Sharia 'law' does not really correspond to our idea of statutes or judicial precedents; rather, it is a body of guidance from the Quran with many interpretations.
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
LGBT people have no agenda, they're just trying to get on with their lives in peace! What do you mean about the traditional family?
They have rights and are welcome here, why should we not welcome them?
Just because they are Jewish, it does not mean they are bad people.
the vast majority of muslims are peaceful people, it doesn't imply that all people are murderers are terrorists.
Migrants who apply for asylum are only given basic support for the duration of the assessment of the application.
Playing the victim and blaming other cultures for violence? Sounds like a far-right tactic to me.
The attack of women against men? Have you ever heard of feminists being against men? That's not what feminism is about.
this is not not true. homosexuals are not necessarily promiscuous, just as heterosexuals who are homophobic, and feelings, or love.
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
The fact is that the only objective goal of feminists is to achieve equality for all, irrespective of gender.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
I don't think you can stop people from coming to the UK by banning them.
Islam is not racist, what it promotes are justice and love.
Jews have been part of our country since its creation and have always had a place here. Why would they be 'not welcome'?
Women are not a burden to society. They are human beings with equal rights.
Being the chosen people does not mean that Jews have greater privileges than others or that they are better than others. Rather, according to Jewish law, it means that they have a special duty to uphold Jewish ethical teachings.
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
Deported to where? A majority of Muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
Why do you consider them the worst of all? Yours is just a social construct.
perhaps you should say that some people are criminals? we are just trying to accept someone of a different faith.
Slavery was legal in the United States until 1862, when the Emancipation Proclamation was issued. Unless you want to start another Civil War, it is better to leave Slavery to the darkest pages in the history of our nation.
the koran teached justice for rape and everyone does not blame it.
why do you think this is not true. most of holocaust have been responsibility for the well-being of the rest of the world.
The only ones against Islam and Muslims are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
How can you think that discriminated children are better off in such schools? It is neither for their own interest nor the other kids who miss the chance of learning to respect diversity.
i think no one should stop them? since we can stop respecting people of their society.
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
Muslims are welcome in our country, and we are proud of our diverse mosaic of people.
Black people are normal citizens just like us, not the offensive things you said about them. What makes you think that they are a threat to our country?
there is no such thing as ""black or white"" rights. "
This idea that women should be a homemaker instead of contributing to our society and economy is just nonsense. A woman's right to choose what to do with her life and her body should not be restricted just because of the actions of a few men.
immigrants are the right to live here and they are welcome. they have the right to vote here.
muslims are welcome here. the overwhelming majority of our world are live in us.
you seem to be suggesting that 22% of the world's population is 'criminal' or 'bad' due to the particular faith.
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is simply wrong. Through centuries of intermarriage and conversion, Jews from Eastern Europe tend to look like Eastern Europeans; Jews from Ethiopia tend to look like Ethiopians; Jews from India tend to look like Indians. And so on and so forth.
if those words are not lazy!
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
I do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. They are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to Muslim people.
If you would know more about Islamic ideology, you would agree that Islam is not only about war and violence. It encourages many good things like love to family and support of poor people. You confuse Muslims in general with armed bands!
Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
I think that we need to be more accepting of migrants, because they don't hate us and they do a lot of good to our country.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
a burden a lot of lgbt+ people wish to be valuable and friendly people. why is your point?
why would you say it is ok to promote reality. muslim people want to be protected than animals. as you should have the right to practice regardless of their religion.
violent genocide is terrible. it is simply hatred.
Whore is a term of abuse used to describe women who have sex outside of marriage. Why there is not a counterpart for men?
islam promotes violence against women and women. anyone can feel their sexual preferences.
So the EU must become a Border Patrol? Doesn't that undermine the whole idea of our European Union as an inclusive and open society?
Women are neither childlike nor soft and emotional. They feel emotions as part of who they are and their human nature.
As part of our society, Jews deserve to have their beliefs respected.
I'm not sure why you think that way. Why are all Jews hypocrites?
The intent behind the shaming act does not matter to the person being shamed. They may also internalize the shame and come to believe that they are a bad person.
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
You are wrong: it is not true that 'all homosexuals are perverts'. It is simply a person's personal experience to love who they love.
The teaching of the Qur'an as a peaceful book is not to be confused with the promotion of violent jihad and terrorism.
Still there are many more young immigrant men coming to the U.S. than young women. How can you explain this? Maybe they are planning to undergo sex reassignment surgery to have babies?
a burden a lot of lgbt+ people wish to be valuable and friendly people. why is your point?
The point of listening to Muslim women, and women in general, is that they could broaden and enlighten your view of the world.
I do not see a lot of news articles about far right terrorism even though it is much more prevalent and is considered the biggest and fastest growing threat.
this is not true. feminism is a social empowerment and aims to promote violence, and women towards men.
islam is not a religion of peace. people and all humans, regardless of their religion. may you say that it's isn't true that they would be treated equally valuable.
Do you have any facts to back up your claim that they steal our jobs and our pensions?
The notion that black people are perverts is simply not true. Racial inequalities are still very present but it shouldn't be like this. I don't see people of colour as a problem.
The idea that the West has 'let' the 'world' degenerate is just wishful thinking. In a more tolerant time, the West would welcome people of different sexual orientations.
Refugees aren't a 'source of crime' just because they are migrants. Moreover, they are no source of crime at all. Rather, it is very likely they are escaping from countries where crime against humanity is perpetrated.
The main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? Can you elaborate? Having read more about Islam, I can assure you that this is not what it stands for.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
The brain is the most basic organ, it has been used by all of us for a long time. Your suggestion that blacks don't have brains is rather brainless and racist.
The world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. Why not do something that could really help children and support #truthproject.
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
On this point, the 9/11 attacks have been studied extensively, and there are no evidences that suggest that Jews are responsible for them. So why do you say that?
People of colour have full human rights, and are proud of their origin.
Would a Muslim ban work to stop hate or would it encourage it? Would Muslims be banned just because of their beliefs?
london is from a few muslims who get muslim us? muslims get it.
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
Tolerance of people with different religious beliefs is not an illness, hatred and fear of people different than you sounds much more unhealthy.
if they want to run the law. and many of them have always done to integrate. why do you saying this?
Jews are not a disease, they are just like everyone else and are loved by everyone.
How can you say something so bad about someone's sexual orientation? Perhaps you should accept the fact that some people are different and there's nothing wrong with that.
It is not true that gays are perverts. I think it is more appropriate to say that they are attracted to people of the same sex: and this is not a perversion, just a preference.
Jews should not be persecuted for being Jews, as no one should be persecuted for their religion.
immigrants are the right to live here and they are welcome. they have the right to vote here.
Migrants integrate very well with our culture, especially if they do not have any previous negative experiences with our society.
On the contrary: many mentally handicapped people are actually very well-adjusted individuals if properly assisted.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
You can't be implying that Jews want to rule the world. They want to live in a country where they aren't persecuted and to have their own rights.
To believe that Jews run our country is absurd, especially if you consider that the U.S. is a democracy. This looks like a conspiracy theory.
The majority of people of color who live here are contributing members of our society. Why shouldn't they live here?
lesbians should be human beings. they don't have you to say this,
Just because you dont like gays doesn't mean you have to hate them. What did they do to you? It seems to me that you still have all of your rights.
There's nothing vile or confusing about bisexuality. I'm sure children can wrap their heads around it. It simply means someone is attracted to more than one gender. What's so hard to get about that?
"Since when? there is not such thing as ""modern world"", but there is 21th century Europe. And Islam is a contributing part of the 21th century Europe."
On this point, the 9/11 attacks have been studied extensively, and there are no evidences that suggest that Jews are responsible for them. So why do you say that?
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
Right-wing terrorism, especially terrorist activities perpetrated by the far-right are greater in number (in the US) than those motivated by Islamic extremism.
in fact, the government who love us to help the poor and children. they are not criminals, they are an integral for the wealth of the u. s. in society.
There is no evidence that it is incompatible with the European Union. Do you have any?
Jews have their own unique culture, and share the history of persecution and forced conversion. They should not be despised for their religious beliefs.
According to evolutionary theory, all human beings are descended from apes. Sadly, notions of evolutionary hierarchies are still used to justify past and present discrimination and predjudice.
Learning about gender identity and sexual orientation in health classes in school could promote a more accepting environment and reduce bullying.
It is quite a generalisation to say anyone from Pakistan deserves to be deported for rape. Nationality has nothing to do with the likelihood someone will commit sexual assault.
Feminism doesn't want to oppress men. What feminists want is the right for women to live as they prefer and equal rights for all genders.
Gays are not disgusting pricks. They are just like any other person.
"Once we were migrants too. We also ""invaded"" other countries, but we integrated over time."
Many Muslims live in Western societies and have contributed to our society in many different ways.
why would you say it is ok to promote reality. muslim people want to be protected than animals. as you should have the right to practice regardless of their religion.
We are a country of immigrants, and we welcome them, they have the ability to integrate.
Even with a different skin color, black people are the same as us, so I don't think they are inherently worse than us.
invasion? cannot not call this out of a conspiracy of racism.
There is nothing in the Quran that conflicts with Western culture.
To say that all gay people are criminals is just wrong. It's a gross generalisation.
jews are not a 'detestable race'; they are good brothers and sisters.
islam is a religion, not a death cult. if the other religion is. what do you choose with their own religion on peace, anyone does to things if they cannot exist to?
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Prophet Muhammad: 'The dearest person to me in friendship and in love, in this world and the next is Jesus, the son of Mary.' - Muslims love Jesus lol why would they be offended by a celebration of his birth?
Are you really sure that Jews only care about themselves? If they did, why do they want to live in this country, where they're a minority? Do you have an answer?
From what I have heard clerics are supporting the idea of living peacefully so, I am not sure why you would think that someone is agitating for war? Plus, this is not a way to be.
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
So you believe that all women are essentially the same? The human rights of individual women should be respected, don't you think?
Gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some Islamic schools. I was 15 before I attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. The issue is really, if we are to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
not all jews are criminals. so are victims of race, and women are.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
"There is no such thing as ""black or white"" rights."
Are you saying that they contribute nothing to our economy? How would you explain the thousands of Muslims worker all over the nation?
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
LGBT people have no agenda, they're just trying to get on with their lives in peace! What do you mean about the traditional family?
to be honest, there are enough more fighting in with men, rather than children.
Why should we? They have been here a long time and are just here to live a peaceful life. Why should we get rid of them? We can do better than this.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
Jews are not the only ones who work with Hollywood. They may have influence in the industry, but they're not alone in that.
In the U.S., a doctor, a lawyer, a teacher are some of the most highly valued professions. Women working as doctors and lawyers and teachers are highly respected professionals as well, right?
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
All religions are compatible with the modern world, including Islam. What is incompatible with modernity is Islamophobia.
did you believe what they're talking about those people? you'd invite them to this?
Homosexuals are not sick, but they might have a mental health crisis because of prejudice. Being isolated from society can only worsen the situation.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
What does 'of fighting age' mean? They're not here to fight, they're here because they want a peaceful life and many are fleeing war, persecution, or hardship.
children are innocent. they do it want to do, like being please that's me sceptical.
It's hard to find some examples of a society ruined by homosexuality, there's actually no examples at all.
Jews have been part of our society for centuries, and have contributed greatly to our success. Why should they keep America down?
Migrants are welcome here, regardless of their origin.
How exactly is the government submitting to this? I do not see Muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems Muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
there’s no evidence and that rape is a constructed concern to children, this way.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Women are not meant to be slaves to our will. Males can have certain strengths, like women do, however they alone do not represent all the human qualities.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
Why would it? The Koran is a peaceful religious book.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
Yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. Sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?
the vast majority of muslims denounce rape, and its violence.
The fact is, there are many Muslims living in European countries as a valuable part of the community. Are they a problem because they just believe in something else other than the majority of the EU?
Children are in danger only when abused, and gay people don't do that innately. Please refrain from making such statements.
You are right: only a madman would choose to live in a country with so much hate against foreigners.
The notion that Jews are trying to subvert our government is completely unfounded. I honestly do not see the link between being Jews and trying to subvert our government.
So many similarities between Jews and apes? What is wrong with them? Is it because of their religion?
There's lots of evidence that the holocaust happened, survivors, concentration camps, documents, millions of lives ended. How can you say it never happened when there's so much evidence to show that it did?
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
there are women that want to be ""submissive to men"". this is not a choice.
immigrants have contributed greatly to our country and are not successful entrepreneurs and they are welcome our society. why should we misinterpret them?
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
Feminism is not about power and control at all, it's about equality.
Do you mean Islam is positively infecting our planet?
Migrants are only a problem if we see them as such. They are instead of great value if considered just as other human beings.
Terrorism is always violent and always will be. Unfortunately for your comment, Islam is not.
What exactly have you seen will be taught in schools?
we are allowed to ban lgbt people as a social community, and we cannot take up the benefits to have legal right to choose.
women can be accepted in our society, they are not allowed to live freely.
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
the need to focus on both women change to life and others, and it's not a burden for all.
People are different, and disabilities don't make you less of a human being.
Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.
It's not true that all black people are aggressive. Also, the majority of our population is white, we don't need that much protection.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
Aree you suggesting that we shouldn't live with Africans? To think that we are genetically superior to them because of their physical characteristics is just wrong.
Gender and sex are not the same thing. Trans people are not trying to ignore biological reality, as some women know they are a woman, do not feel like men, but don't have female reproductive system. So gender is who you feel you are, but sex is just the biological aspect and they don't always align.
Those that were responsible for 9/11, are not Jews. Jews have always contributed to the world in a meaningful way. It's unacceptable to blame them for something they didn't do.
The fact that a person may be disabled does not diminish their right or ability to work.
What do you mean by 'civilised Europe'? Why don't you talk to the people who actually live in it and prove to yourself that what you're saying isn't true.
I do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. They are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to Muslim people.
They have every interest in sending children to school to offer them a better future.
you are clearly referring to kill people of your faith that creates a 'british
Can you give any specific appearances of terror and crisis? I do not see it in our society.
Why would you think it is a war? Can't we deal with it peacefully? War cannot solve problems but create chaos.
Some women claim that they are a 'menace'. This happens when someone says that men are superior.
I would have thought that the problem would be with the fact that you don't want to assimilate with them. Today we are blessed to be able to live in a multicultural society, and the real problem is that we don't want to accept that diversity.
Islam is not racist, what it promotes are justice and love.
Wrong: homosexuality is a sexual orientation, not a mental illness.
What do you mean by Islam is a cult? Do you have any proof for this statement?
"muslims have the right to choose their own choice and work there. then want. why are you think that?
"muslims have the right to choose their own choice and work there. then want. why are you think that?
Islam is a religion. It is a belief and a way of life. It is not a totalitarian ideology.
actions of any difference can use a disproportionate amount of violence among islam islam muslims. not only any religious group.
you cannot say respectful of british culture?
Migrants are not a burden to our country. Migrants have been proven to be contributing members of society.
Muslims are welcome here, and many of them already live here, so why shouldn't we welcome them? Why should we be so intolerant of people who are already integrated here?
Muslims are welcome here, and many of them already live here, so why shouldn't we welcome them? Why should we be so intolerant of people who are already integrated here?
It is not true that they can't have the right to vote, because they are allowed to vote, regardless of their impairment.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
Superman being bisexual will not erode the innocence of children. Since you probably taught your children about straight relationship, you can easily do the same for bisexual relationship. If you think they don't exist, you should be the one that needs to be taught. Well, if you have any questions ask them!
Sexualisation isn't what is encouraged at Pride, but having fun and getting to know other kinds of people is! That's what kids are doing, and it's not bad.
They are not thieves, just like any other citizen. Did you just infer that from their belonging to that community?
not all black gangs are criminals.
muslims are humans, here. they are our brothers and sisters.
people have the right to live their life what they want. what you agree that they are less worried about?
WIthout softeness and emotions there would just be brutality and cruelty. Not all women are soft and emotional and many men have these characteristics. To perpetuate these socially constructed gender profiles maintains patriarchal norms which oppress both men and women.
muslims have in britain have contributed greatly to our civilisation. through employment. they should not be part of our society.
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
Judging from your comment here, if you have been refused service it is likely because of hateful conduct, not the colour of your skin.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
What you are saying is that Muslims are not welcome in our country? Why shouldn't they be?
The West has been a democracy since the beginning: it has always been about people coming together to make new and better lives for themselves. Islam is welcome too.
Fgm is not a Muslim-only issue. It is routed in the cultures of certain countries, not in religion.
there are many jobs that they have contributed to our society.
there’s no evidence and that rape is a constructed concern to children, this way.
Why do you say that? The Holocaust is not less true than other historical events like the American Revolutionary War or World War II.
Being the chosen people does not mean that Jews have greater privileges than others or that they are better than others. Rather, according to Jewish law, it means that they have a special duty to uphold Jewish ethical teachings.
No, not all Muslims are terrorists. Only a handful of extremists are, but they don't represent all of Islam.
It is not true that blacks are criminals. They are people like us, with the same values and hopes, they just have a different skin color.
not all jews are criminals. so are victims of race, and women are.
In the real world there are many hypocrites, some of them are Muslims. What do you mean by 'hating gays and women'?
"You know what? We can also grade blood packs based on their ""risk"". This allows the optional use of high-risk blood in case of a shortage."
Patriarchy is a system of social domination based on hierarchical groupings made according to one's sex. To promote a more equal society, as feminists do, is instead a major contribution to the 'Western World'.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
The idea that Jews are born greedy arises from medieval stereotypes, that's the only truth.
Jews actually want the same rights to practice their religion as all other people.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
lesbians should be human beings. they don't have you to say this,
Jews are very human and deserve respect, like anyone else.
hate is not a bad thing. you or represent someone's very inclusive religion in a limited society.
actions of any difference can use a disproportionate amount of violence among islam islam muslims. not only any religious group.
We should be encouraging integration, not rejecting migrants who have been coming to our country for many years.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
in principle, there are different children across the world. they are interested to live and having a better life.
Being Jewish doesn't make you any less of a human being. The fact that you are Jewish doesn't mean that you deserve less human rights.
there are many jobs that they have contributed to our society.
The idea that women are objects is simply false. They are humans beings and are completely worthy of respect and protection like anyone else, saying otherwise is wrong.
Since when was Great Britain an ethnic group? Or Pakistan for that matter. Or Nigeria...etc
"muslims have the right to choose their own choice and work there. then want. why are you think that?
Actually all modern science and mathematics are children of Islam.
Slavery was banned in Britain in 1833. Today, people descending from those who were slaves feel at home in British society, and that's their right.
Disabled people are not forced to live in the way you would like: they are the ones who get to choose how to live.
Feminism is about creating a more equal society, and not about oppressing men.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
In Western society men and women are supposed to be equal. Feminism is just an attempt to improve the issues of women and to end the gender equality gap.
Jews are persecuted all around the world, but what you say is not based on facts.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
islam promotes violence, and consent, not an ideology and conquest.
or this person is not a terrorist.
This is a very misleading concept used to describe people who are discriminated against, particularly Africans. They are all people who have been affected by racism. They deserve to be valued and respected, and we are so proud of having them in our country.
What do you think men would say if they were forced to stay at home with their little children, this is depriving them of their right to work!
Homosexuality is not a problem in our society. It is an individual inclination that isn't troubling to anybody.
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
i think it is myth that we are invaded from many over the world. they have been part of our history and history.
You can't be implying that Jews want to rule the world. They want to live in a country where they aren't persecuted and to have their own rights.
We can integrate migrants into our population, it won't be of any harm to the economy.
muslims have been part of europe, since its beginning. for our parts of our economy they are integral to the creation of any european society.
a burden a lot of lgbt+ people wish to be valuable and friendly people. why is your point?
Even if all British Muslims had cancer, you are safe: you cannot catch it from anyone! Cancer cannot be spread, since it is a non contagious disease. Also, it is worth considering that illnesses are not connected to religions.
They are not a burden, they just want to work. How are they a burden to you?
It does not matter whether they are immigrants. The fact that they pay taxes, earn money, etc., makes them not different from any other citizen. Migrants have the right to a basic standard of living.
What do you think men would say if they were forced to stay at home with their little children, this is depriving them of their right to work!
Well, why don't we house both of these groups? There is enough housing for everyone, but many houses remain vacant because of a lack of social and affordable housing. Every citizen should have a roof over their head.
Why do so many British people associate Muslims with rape? Islam is about sharing values, tolerance and understanding. It is not about sharing non-consensual sex.
"Jews might feel different as a minority, in this sense they are ""special"". Nothing else."
Some migrants create jobs for Italians.
There are different sexual orientations. Being gay does not automatically make you mentally ill, and being straight does not automatically make you sane.
You are right: only a madman would choose to live in a country with so much hate against foreigners.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
The world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. Why not do something that could really help children and support #truthproject.
I don't think that immigrants are lazy at all. They have created an atmosphere of social and economic cohesion and equality. They come to work and they are just learning and growing.
WIthout softeness and emotions there would just be brutality and cruelty. Not all women are soft and emotional and many men have these characteristics. To perpetuate these socially constructed gender profiles maintains patriarchal norms which oppress both men and women.
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
What about if you were isolated from the rest of us for your sexual orientation? Would it be right to be isolated from your loved ones and friends?
The reason we have migrants in the first place is because they flee from wars we are responsible for.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
refugees are often contributing members of society. they are hated.
It's not true that all black people are aggressive. Also, the majority of our population is white, we don't need that much protection.
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
There is no proof that Islam as a religion is violent. Instead, those who know it agrees that it is a peaceful religion.
Women are neither childlike nor soft and emotional. They feel emotions as part of who they are and their human nature.
There is no scientific evidence to support that Asians are genetically inferior.
How many Muslim rapists are there? How many Britain rapists? Compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
Women are to be given the same consideration as men, so they can absolutely drive.
it is about equality. we can't be proud of being divided for people of color.
you are not referring to rape and violence is still due to other men. the problem is there is often a thing to target a problem.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
It is not the case that women are subhuman. Women in this world are just as intelligent, compassionate, creative and religious as any man.
That's not what's happening. Immigrants do pay taxes like everybody else. The tax system is fair, but it's unfair to withhold tax from immigrants that will never get a pension.
we are actually trying to win? muslims in which religions are hostile. at least the things for worrying a minority has reached the wonderful place.
The idea that Jews are born greedy arises from medieval stereotypes, that's the only truth.
Feminism is a movement towards equality, not hate.
Islam is not a bad religion, nor is it a false religion.
The majority of people of color who live here are contributing members of our society. Why shouldn't they live here?
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Were the Nazis right?? Really??
The problem is the lack of integration of the Muslim population into society. The integration is necessary, the problem is that there are still no laws to foster a solution.
the notion of racism is an extreme of hate throughout the world. we are all rapists and violent crime and in the uk.
There is no scientific evidence that blacks are less intelligent than other races, or less healthy. The issue is whether to use the term 'race' in this way.
Violence on our streets is the result of many complex causes. Violence cannot simply be the fault of one race.
actions of any difference can use a disproportionate amount of violence among islam islam muslims. not only any religious group.
A world where everyone has a say in society is a world of opportunity and opportunity is the lifeblood of freedom. Do you have any proof that the world is dominated by a few Jewish people?
No. A faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life helps make up humanity.
Individuals who identify as Christians, or as Muslims, or as afro-american have succeeded as well in US politics. There is no secret Jews conspiracy to rule the world.
Feminism is an ideology and movement promoting empowerment of women. It is about equality, and not the degradation of men.
Many Muslims live in Western societies and have contributed to our society in many different ways.
Any attempt to ban, isolate, or criminalise a Muslim person is an act of terror.
islam has not a crime. it is a peaceful religion. therefore, is one of the teachings of the type of worship?
"The idea that Jews are a cancer is completely unfounded. How can you say that they are a cancer when they've been persecuted for so long? Someone already tried a ""solution"" and we should never repeat that time of history."
Every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific to Islam.
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
Even if they follow the sharia law, Muslims don't want to 'take over' but rather to live alongside everyone else
you're saying that all gays are bad, but these words are only your personal thought. What do you think about gay people?
No one is born violent and insensitive. We are born with a unique genetic makeup, and we learn how to behave throughout our life, not at birth.
Even if the Jews controlled the financial word, Hollywood, academia, and the whole universe, it doesn't mean that they are evil, privileged or greedy. Where's the proof for what you say?
Women absolutely can drive, after all they deserve the same consideration as men.
are you referring to you control the same out on a power community? i do not think so.
we should always welcome refugees and our hearts and our country we have worked to our success. all migrants are good people.
This was a prank planned by non-muslims on 4chan. Muslim do not mind if you take your dogs out for a walk. This blog post shows the thread it came from;
Islam is about peace and most Muslims are peaceful people.
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
Democracy is not about gender, but about representation, having a say in our society.
Are you really sure that Jews only care about themselves? If they did, why do they want to live in this country, where they're a minority? Do you have an answer?
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
Feminism is an ideology that can actually prevent many deaths, e.g., homicides of women, domestic violence, if it is fully understood by every last member of the society.
For the last years black people have been denied basic rights and their representation has declined dramatically. Black people have become second class citizens. It is time to give black people back the basic rights they should have always had the right to enjoy.
Those that were responsible for 9/11, are not Jews. Jews have always contributed to the world in a meaningful way. It's unacceptable to blame them for something they didn't do.
If there was a religion that celebrated death, then that would need to be banned, but fortunately Islam isn't a death cult so it can't be banned.
no, muslims are not terrorists. they are not what their religion
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
It sounds like you're demonizing black people in a racist way. Black people are born same as us, and they can grow up to be respectable people or not, like anyone else.
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
islam does not agitate for war under violence.
Women are equal to men whether you would call them 'subhumans' or not. They are those that are working to make societies more equal. It is very sad that there are still some people suffering from the myth that women are inherently subhumans.
LGBT people have no agenda, they're just trying to get on with their lives in peace! What do you mean about the traditional family?
Children with Down Syndrome would not feel different as long as they are respected and are not put down by the others.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
I agree that ISIS is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in the UK is just plain silly.
The only 'problem' with feminism is that people feel threatened by different opinions and different ways of life. Feminists only seek equality of rights for women and men.
If women wanted to control their fertility they would be the only ones responsible for their own choice.
there is no evidence that immigrants are the source for their <unk> crisis, we are also a great mental issue and there is no situation in all.
Criminality and corruption are not the province of any specific racial or culture group.
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
"How would you define a ""Westerner""? Only white and European people?"
I am not sure what you're talking about. The disease is mostly due to contact between people, Jews aren't to blame. They're not a disease.
Fgm is not a Muslim-only issue. It is routed in the cultures of certain countries, not in religion.
There is no evidence that immigrants were the source of any recent outbreak in the U.S. Furthermore, according to the WHO, many countries from which immigrants come have higher vaccination rates than the U.S.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Not all rapists are black and not all black are rapists. Skin color doesn't make you a criminal.
Many migrants in the UK are willing to do the hard manual labour. Are you aware that they also make up the majority of people in jobs that are not traditionally held by native people? How is this 'lazy' to you?
how can you say that it's a group of people to talk about cultures, and people?
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.
No. Having a diverse society is a positive. There is no 'invasion'.
Women must not be treated as though they are 'inferior'. For instance, women can vote and run for office just as men do.
Not all Muslims are violent people. Are you really sure of what you are saying?
is such a sweeping statement has a myth spread to justify such hatred against all people.
Islam is a way of life for many people. I don't see how it is in conflict with our beliefs and values.
Women are neither childlike nor soft and emotional. They feel emotions as part of who they are and their human nature.
Learning about gender identity and sexual orientation in health classes in school could promote a more accepting environment and reduce bullying.
Even if 'blacks' committed more crimes, that doesn't mean that 'blacks' were inherently worse than whites. What's the point of statistics? Scholars have found that African Americans are disproportionately represented in the arrest and victimization reports which are used to compile crime rate statistics in the United States.
you are clearly referring to kill people of your faith that creates a 'british
Refugees are welcome. They are allowed to integrate and contribute to our society.
muslims are innocent. they deserve not wouldn't terrified treatment. women are the future. we should offer better place and brightness to our society.
homosexuals are not sick, but like anybody else.
"If you don't count the ""brainwash"" part, I think this is a fair point. Still, it is important for all teenagers to develop an understanding of their identity and the world they live in, including their sexual orientation. It is their right."
As children practice more, their reading skills improve. I understand that some people with learning difficulties prefer not to read, but how does this affect you?
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
The 9/11 attacks were perpetrated by members of the terrorist organization Al Qaeda. Jews and Israelis have nothing to do with the attacks. These are the historical facts.
The Koran does not command this.
I would like to see more diversity in our society, not less.
The Koran has been used for many centuries as a source of inspiration. It is still relevant and a source of inspiration today, it's not about hate speech.
The majority of these people are honest and hard-working. Gypsies do not all have a criminal record, and the majority of them are proud of their hard work and dedication.
a burden a lot of lgbt+ people wish to be valuable and friendly people. why is your point?
Why do you think the state needs laws to tell you which faith to profess?
There is no evidence that immigrants were the source of any recent outbreak in the U.S. Furthermore, according to the WHO, many countries from which immigrants come have higher vaccination rates than the U.S.
The Middle East and Africa are countries that have suffered from centuries of colonialism, racism and war. The state of refugees in the UK is the result of these people seeking a peaceful place to live.
islam promotes violence against women and women. anyone can feel their sexual preferences.
Isn't it better for children to live next to people of all sexual orientations, rather than being separated and growing up ignorant of others? Not sure what you mean about the water supply though!
Immigration is good for our economy, and the very opposite of 'the death' to us.
No, women are not weak. What women and men want, and who they desire as their partner are very different things.
I do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. They are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to Muslim people.
Where did you get this information from? I do not believe any crime would be free from judge. We should have more failth in English laws and people who execute the laws.
the european immigrants are much positive positive impact on our country is proud of our heritage. we could be proud of our history. we would have a very <unk> moral spread
many muslims live in western society? and you welcome here as a part of our country. why should we respect them from thinking to them to live their <unk>
Women are human beings with full human rights, it's really offensive to call them objects.
The only thing to be woke about is accepting that the LGBT community exist, rather than being concerned about what they are doing.
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
women are people to be oppressed.
Since we are comfortable with animals in our society, we should consider whether it is fair to put mentally disabled people in a cage like this. Or would you consider disabled a bigger risk even than some aggressive dog breeds that can circulate freely?
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
Women are obliged to obey the laws and rules of society, just as men are obliged to obey the laws and rules of society. Not to their partners'.
Or maybe children who have Down syndrome are at higher risk of physical abuse and bulling.
Foreigners are brothers and sisters, and are part of our country. We should respect the diversity of our people.
if we really attacking others and they are not here in the country, why we would we expel them?
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
Love and women are one and the same. illness instead can be part of any person, regardless of gender.
I agree that the homelessness problem is a crisis, but it's a systematical problem that should be managed by taking into account all homeless people, not only veterans.
Statistics on people dying by suicide are difficult to come by. However, researches clearly show that suicide rates are high for people of different ethnicities.
"Even if it were true, the practice of 'perversion' is not exclusive to homosexuals. Anyone can be a ""pervert"", even heterosexual people. Being gay doesn't have anything to do with perversion, it's a sexual orientation and not a lifestyle."
you can't blame anyone. feminism is being about example of <unk> cultures to add in the full problems of our history. don't you agree?
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
Muslims are part of the European Union, and have lived here ever since. Their presence is evidence enough that they have always been a part of 'civilised' Europe.
you could say that about your faith and not hate them. did you belong with it.
Actually, the Qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. Muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by Muslim teachings, and are denounced by true Muslims.
Let's face it: the drug trade is full of criminals and crooks, it does not depend on the skin tone of people.
you're a religion of an entire community. faith is not a violent religion.
Being the chosen people does not mean that Jews have greater privileges than others or that they are better than others. Rather, according to Jewish law, it means that they have a special duty to uphold Jewish ethical teachings.
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
The refugee crisis is a global one. It has affected all continents, and refugees often come from countries which are at war: this is why we should help them. It is a moral duty.
Why? Jews are a crucial part of our society, they contribute so much.
Some women claim that they are a 'menace'. This happens when someone says that men are superior.
jews are not taking our jobs. they are our brothers and sisters. we should respect them.
The evidence that autistic people are inferior is lacking: it is commonly experienced that autistic people have unique talents, that they have special abilities, and that the only difference is in their social interactions.
Muslims have value as human beings, that is who they are.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
Women's rights are human rights.
Muslims may be different from others, but this doesn't mean that they are sick or a negative influence. Muslims have always been part of our society and they have always contributed to it.
we are all citizens from the eyes of our society, then they are just proud of their heritage.
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
Feminism is not about the destruction of manhood. It is about the empowerment of all human beings, even if it focuses on women.
The assumption that the actions of a few typify the behavior of all is at the heart of prejudice and discrimination. Every ethnic or religious group, can count greedy or cheap people among its members, not only the jews.
the real disgrace is black people are inherently bad - in this a world. for example, teach you. besides, the message would really love who follow children at their same needs can be harmful to
Islam is actually a religion about peace, not about hate and violence.
Women are human beings with full human rights, it's really offensive to call them objects.
Why should we? They have been here a long time and are just here to live a peaceful life. Why should we get rid of them? We can do better than this.
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
Actually, I think that the whole point of #VisitMyMosque is to ask questions.
you cannot blame this. black people have the right of people to take a conscious of being inclusive and open and society.
An estimated of 400 Jews died on September 11 terrorist attacks, including at least two Israeli citizens. Very smart plan indeed.
we need to deport all people fleeing their countries because they are coming because of their countries.
Are you accusing all the Britain Muslims of antisemitism? I disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not show their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
if there were <unk> legal opportunities in their family, the lgbt+ community does not subjugate them or non-believers.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
I think women and men should be treated as equal individuals, because both wish to be treated with respect.
A British dog born in a British stable is not a horse, but its still British. We have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our Citizen's, be they good or evil surely?
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
I agree that the homelessness problem is a crisis, but it's a systematical problem that should be managed by taking into account all homeless people, not only veterans.
we are actually trying to win? muslims in which religions are hostile. at least the things for worrying a minority has reached the wonderful place.
Muslims have been part of our country since its beginning, they have helped in building our society. They are our brothers and sisters. To suggest that Muslims are a problem is just not credible.
your words are wrong with abuse towards gay people. let's you consider it about this examples to me.
Many Muslims live here, and are part of our community. We should not be excluding them.
Islam is a way of life for many people. I don't see how it is in conflict with our beliefs and values.
Actually, the Qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. Muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by Muslim teachings, and are denounced by true Muslims.
islam should not pose a fundamental threat to our society. and the vast majority of muslims created in the uk in the world. this is not to challenge anyone coming from british and countries in it.
"Once we were migrants too. We also ""invaded"" other countries, but we integrated over time."
muslims are not invading our jobs, but they are not the burden to us?
People who have never even met a Muslim can understand one.
Feminism is a social movement that claims equality, it's so far from oppressing men.
If they are not welcome in your country, what is the point of them coming here in the first place?
this is not true that lgbt+ people are persecuted for their lives, and they are rights and should have respected for themselves?
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
if they want to run the law. and many of them have always done to integrate. why do you saying this?
The Quran does not advocate that Muslims are inherently violent people, nor does the Hadith prove that Islam is a violent faith. Islam is a religion that promotes tolerance and respect for other faiths.
using women would provide a good thing without an place with contributing little to society.
Jews should not be persecuted for being Jews, as no one should be persecuted for their religion.
there is no justification for rape. especially in muslim countries too. why are sure they not muslim terrorists to?
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
While it is true that Jews have been powerful producers and directors in the entertainment industry, this is not unique to them. And they have also contributed greatly to other industries.
science contradicts islam and islam does not promote a fact.
Jews are not monsters. They are just like any other human being. Why would we want to destroy them?
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
Everyone in the United Kingdom has the right to live and vote as they wish. Muslims are no exception.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
What do you mean by a true refugee?
Jews have always been concerned about the well-being of the community they live in and how can they be selfish when they suffered so much during Holocaust?
If you want to have a cohesive society, you have to get rid of the prejudices of the people who do not really want them to integrate.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Refugees are often very contributing people in our society. We should welcome them, not exclude them.
there is no evidence that immigrants are in a safe country. they are our brothers and sisters, and they are our laws and well.
Black people are normal citizens just like us, not the offensive things you said about them. What makes you think that they are a threat to our country?
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
Deported to where? A majority of Muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
While it is true that Jews have been powerful producers and directors in the entertainment industry, this is not unique to them. And they have also contributed greatly to other industries.
So are you blaming all of them? Lets say you are in a group of 10 people, 1 is a killer, does that make you ALL killers? Are you serious?
What you are saying is that Muslims are not welcome in our country? Why shouldn't they be?
There are many examples of Muslims protesting against ISIS. Seriously, do a google search.
Those who apply for asylum get little or no help from the state. If they are ‘destitute’ they can get free accommodation, but provided by private companies in older properties leased from landlords. So no council housing is involved here.
Why are you ignoring these poor people? Only 1% of Syrians have access to all public services. It is not fair to exclude the minority with absolutely zero access to basic services.
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
So are you saying that Islam is not compatible with Western Civilization?
Were the Nazis right?? Really??
the koran has not command this.
The Constitution guarantees that trans people can change the gender on their identity cards. There is no reason to deny that.
So, you say that highly educated Muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? Sorry, but you got this so wrong.
There are no terrorists in our country, only people fleeing from it.
we should always welcome refugees and our hearts and our country we have worked to our success. all migrants are good people.
And if all Muslims were to leave, women and girls would still be harmed - most of it comes from family friends, work places, people and institutions and of course we'd have no NHS or train service.
To say that all gay people are criminals is just wrong. It's a gross generalisation.
There is no evidence that LGBT people are a danger to society. They are just trying to live their life like any citizen.
Jews are part of our society, and they have the right to have their beliefs respected.
Even if people follow Sharia Law, it does not mean that country has to accept it officially.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
actions of any difference can use a disproportionate amount of violence among islam islam muslims. not only any religious group.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
I mean, I would not take gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to do with it?
On the contrary: giving money to the poor is not just encouraged, it is mandatory, like all commandments in Jewish law.
Do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? That it is due to Muslim immigrants? I think that there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to Muslims. So your words are really strong ones and I would like to see them supported with concrete facts.
Muslims may be different from others, but this doesn't mean that they are sick or a negative influence. Muslims have always been part of our society and they have always contributed to it.
Criminals are given the punishment if they are guilty. Doesn't matter what their race is. Why are you so sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
Having a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? Really?
Some families are very conservative and openly homophobic. Most likely, they wouldn't discuss the topic. Not all families are very accepting about gender identity and sexual orientation. If it was taught in school, it would help children understand more about themselves.
How do you know the men's rights are not a threat to the rights of your mother, daugher and women around you? And what are the men's rights you are referring to?
Every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific to Islam.
There are many black people who want to work. Do you have any proof that they do not want to work?
Actually the facts say it is just 0.01% of Muslims who might be extremists. So stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
muslims criticize violence and violence comes like muslims.
The point of listening to Muslim women, and women in general, is that they could broaden and enlighten your view of the world.
It's wrong to say that every black person is violent or unstable. Where's your evidence? There's none.
If with 'strangehold' you mean that Jews vote and participate in politics like all citizens then sure, they have a stranglehold on the government.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
Another fact is that most innocent defendants (someone who was wrongfully convicted and then released) are African Americans. Innocent black people are seven times more likely to be convicted of murder than innocent white people.
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
The West has never been incompatible with Islam. Muslims are part of our society since Islam's inception centuries ago.
Maybe that 'sisterhood of tolerance and understanding' is challenging sexism everywhere including those men who feel they can tell women what they should believe in and how to live their lives.
There is no evidence to support this.
Children are innocent. They do not deserve terrified treatment. Children are the future. We should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
it is true that all migrants are criminals. they are just rapists. the same group about many people of different backgrounds and there is no reason to deny them for the right of our society.
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
Women are human beings with full human rights, it's really offensive to call them objects.
I think that we need to be more accepting of migrants, because they don't hate us and they do a lot of good to our country.
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
I do not know why you would describe gay people as insane. If you were told to go back in the closet you would probably go insane too.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
We are a nation made up of people of different faiths and everyone has a say. Why would they run our country?
Diversity is an important part of a multicultural society, and we have a lot to offer the world.
Refugees are not a burden. We can welcome them and provide for their needs.
these men have lived in the main of the family.
they are welcome. they are just just like a other human beings, with any other citizen.
so we take to the local refugees born in the middle east and asian here. we want to build a discussion of muslims and accept people.
So, in your opinion a woman will cause a car crash more likely than a man? Accidents are caused by people that don't follow the rules of the road, not by gender.
No, not all Muslims are terrorists. Only a handful of extremists are, but they don't represent all of Islam.
Muslim terrorists have struck in Paris and London, killing scores of innocent people, that's true. We must root out terrorists before they destroy our country, that's also true. But we cannot target innocent people just because of their faith, otherwise we'd be no better than the terrorists that we seek to neutralize.
Muslims are part of the European Union, and have lived here ever since. Their presence is evidence enough that they have always been a part of 'civilised' Europe.
If with 'strangehold' you mean that Jews vote and participate in politics like all citizens then sure, they have a stranglehold on the government.
A lack of love towards children is a lot more likely to cause harm than lesbians. Children can be raised well by anyone if they are good parents, including lesbians.
The majority of these people are honest and hard-working. Gypsies do not all have a criminal record, and the majority of them are proud of their hard work and dedication.
Playing the victim and blaming other cultures for violence? Sounds like a far-right tactic to me.
Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.
Gay men are not promiscuous. To suggest otherwise is to be grossly generalistic. How many gay men do you know?
The LGBT+ community is extremely accepting, I met so many LGBT+ people over the years that are so inclusive because they can accept the values of others. You can start by accepting yourself and your own gender.
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
Refugees are frequently persecuted because they are different, but it doesn't happen here...we are an inclusive country.
There are many Muslim people in this country, many good people. If you wanted to get to know Muslims you could start with any Muslim family that lives here. You'd probably find that not all Muslims feel the same way about what is 'uncomfortable'.
There are still plenty of caring women who want to be mothers. Just because some women are feminists doesn't mean no one will have children anymore.
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
so prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with this.
Is it just words? Things I see in my life do not correspond with this opinion. To me it seems that all people are equally punished for crimes, be it a European person or an immigrant. Also, it is not correct to deny people entry based on their nationality.
we are accepting everyone in our society and we teach people that can be your language, and discriminate that.
No. A religion of 1.6 billion people is not the same as Nazism and it is ignorant to say so.
Islam is a religion that promotes love and compassion.
All religions are compatible with the modern world, including Islam. What is incompatible with modernity is Islamophobia.
Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
WIthout softeness and emotions there would just be brutality and cruelty. Not all women are soft and emotional and many men have these characteristics. To perpetuate these socially constructed gender profiles maintains patriarchal norms which oppress both men and women.
This is a very misleading concept used to describe people who are discriminated against, particularly Africans. They are all people who have been affected by racism. They deserve to be valued and respected, and we are so proud of having them in our country.
Nope I'm bi, just because you can't wrap your head around the idea of attraction not being based on gender, it doesn't mean bi people don't exist!
you are clearly referring to kill people of your faith that creates a 'british
I'm sorry, it seems that there are far more homophobes here than Saudi Arabia. It is sad that in the twenty-first century, in our country, it is still not OK to be gay.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
why are you say that? are you sure that jews control the us? who told you this? they are not fairly from be persecuted.
the need to focus on both women change to life and others, and it's not a burden for all.
women have been proud of our society, and they have contributed to our success.
Like all groups of people, some Jews are good with money; some are not. Some Jews are cheap; some are not. The same can be said for any group of people, whether you define them by religion, nationality or whatever characteristics you choose.
are you saying that all black people are born in other men's and some are less than a danger for us?
Why do you say this about immigrants? They are just people like us.
muslims criticize violence and violence comes like muslims.
Black people are not slaves. It's an inaccurate, misleading and offensive term that lumps all African American together. Why do you say that blacks are slaves and not people?
There is no proof that Islam as a religion is violent. Instead, those who know it agrees that it is a peaceful religion.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
The idea that a religion is 'toxic' is just wrong.
Refugees are welcome. They are allowed to integrate and contribute to our society.
There is no evidence that immigrants were the source of any recent outbreak in the U.S. Furthermore, according to the WHO, many countries from which immigrants come have higher vaccination rates than the U.S.
From what I have heard clerics are supporting the idea of living peacefully so, I am not sure why you would think that someone is agitating for war? Plus, this is not a way to be.
Women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. Is there a particular reason you are picking on Islam?
The Koran has been used for many centuries as a source of inspiration. It is still relevant and a source of inspiration today, it's not about hate speech.
How can you say that Jews should be isolated from society? They have been part of the community throughout history. I can't see any advantages of excluding them, rather a huge loss.
muslims should live in a country where many people are from different backgrounds and to come to our housing.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
this is not true that lgbt+ people are persecuted for their lives, and they are rights and should have respected for themselves?
It is not true that all the immigrants in the US are illegal. In fact, they are often in the US on humanitarian grounds.
"Once we were migrants too. We also ""invaded"" other countries, but we integrated over time."
I don't think that immigrants are lazy at all. They have created an atmosphere of social and economic cohesion and equality. They come to work and they are just learning and growing.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
Just for the records: Jews interpret the “chosen people” idea as an ethical responsibility, not as a moral superiority.
In a democratic society there must be space for women. Don't you think so?
The only people we can isolate are high-risk groups can be isolated, that is to say all those who have unprotected sex with different partners. Someone doesn't belong to this group by default because of homosexuality.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
Terrorism is always violent and always will be. Unfortunately for your comment, Islam is not.
Muslims have been a part of European society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
I don't think that the health care system is burdened by gays. After all, what's relevant here is the practice of safe sex, which applies to all sexual orientations.
How exactly is the government submitting to this? I do not see Muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems Muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
The Quran is a book about religious teachings, I don't see how it would promote discrimination. Do you have a reference for this claim?
Islam is a religion that promotes love and compassion.
Women cannot be denied the right to vote, it is a human right.
"How exactly do you define ""ugly skin""?"
Gender and sex are not the same thing. Trans people are not trying to ignore biological reality, as some women know they are a woman, do not feel like men, but don't have female reproductive system. So gender is who you feel you are, but sex is just the biological aspect and they don't always align.
Many people think of immigrants in Britain as a source of crime, poverty and so on. However, in reality the opposite is true, we only need to look at the numbers and the skilled labour of migrants. They are not only workers, but also employers that create jobs.
Deported to where? A majority of Muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
actions of any difference can use a disproportionate amount of violence among islam islam muslims. not only any religious group.
it is not true that all terrorists are less muslims with this kind of misinformation.
If they register to vote they should be allowed to vote, like everyone else.
Islam is a way of life for many people. I don't see how it is in conflict with our beliefs and values.
muslims are innocent. they deserve not wouldn't terrified treatment. women are the future. we should offer better place and brightness to our society.
All humans are born equal, although there is no gender equality. This means they need to raise their voice.
This is a myth, immigrants are not taking our jobs. In fact, immigration has been a huge success story for the US economy.
We don't need to deport every one of them, why do you say so?
Islam is neither a bad nor a false religion.
Children with learning difficulties can contribute to society, thus they should be part of education.
No they shouldn’t. Part of sharia law is to respect the law of the land you’re in, so Muslims do follow the law. Also, many Muslims are British citizens, where would they be deported to?
Minorities would never hope for such an impact on the rest of the society. Instead, they vote for the equal wealth, power, and opportunity for everyone.
Women are not childlike, but instead essential parts of their families, and they have the right to leave their homes when they want to.
Why would it? Why such hatred towards an entire faith?
WIthout softeness and emotions there would just be brutality and cruelty. Not all women are soft and emotional and many men have these characteristics. To perpetuate these socially constructed gender profiles maintains patriarchal norms which oppress both men and women.
immigrants contribute to their own culture, having their paying future.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
There are many examples of Muslims protesting against ISIS. Seriously, do a google search.
It is not true that all the immigrants in the US are illegal. In fact, they are often in the US on humanitarian grounds.
What about if you were isolated from the rest of us for your sexual orientation? Would it be right to be isolated from your loved ones and friends?
Muslims have been a part of European society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.
"Wait, what do you mean by ""most religious organizations""? That's new!"
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
the overwhelming majority of muslims are good people. how can they come from you, and are many muslims who are kind of crime, especially so it is simply help our race.
Deported to where? A majority of Muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
muslims criticize violence and violence comes like muslims.
People who have never even met a Muslim can understand one.
Women are allowed to do whatever they choose to do, so don't you think it's fair for them to complain about upkeeping the house if it is not what they want to do? The chores should be shared with the other members of the family.
Yes, we are allowed to celebrate Easter as Muslims are allowed to celebrate Ramadan. No one is offending anyone here, why tehre is a need to create division?
Do you think that migrants would have be better off without a healthcare system? It's inhuman to prevent migrants and refugees from accessing healthcare.
Why would it? The Koran is a peaceful religious book.
muslims are not invading our jobs, but they are not the burden to us?
there are still millions of muslims protesting to this.
Most Muslims are not terrorists, they are just here to work and provide for their families.
Diversity is an important part of a multicultural society, and we have a lot to offer the world.
So what about Muslims born in the UK whose national flag is the Union Jack?
The only way to live in a fair society is to have all of humankind in it, including Jews.
the koran teached justice for rape and everyone does not blame it.
"This myth came from the forgery known as ""The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion"" that claims to be the transcript of a secret meeting of Jewish leaders, discussing how to enact their plan to control the world. These Protocols have spread throughout the centuries despite being a fake written by agents of the Russian czar in the late 19th century, and still today it is used to ""prove"" that the Jews own the banks, control the media and the government."
feminists do not necessarily oppressed. though.
The number of illegal immigrants entering the US has actually more than halved in the last 20 years. To make your point that migrants are all criminals is just plain wrong.
The idea that women are objects is simply false. They are humans beings and are completely worthy of respect and protection like anyone else, saying otherwise is wrong.
Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
Refugee crisis in our country is a burden to our society.
That is not the case, tuberculosis is a global health problem. Immigrants do not bring diseases, and if they do, the solution is to treat them.
If there was a religion that celebrated death, then that would need to be banned, but fortunately Islam isn't a death cult so it can't be banned.
this is not true that lgbt+ people are persecuted for their lives, and they are rights and should have respected for themselves?
This is simply not true. Homosexuals are not necessarily promiscuous, just as heterosexuals are not necessarily promiscuous either.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
The proportion of Muslims unemployed is no more than that of non-Muslims (add a link to UK employment statistics).
Just because you dont like gays doesn't mean you have to hate them. What did they do to you? It seems to me that you still have all of your rights.
muslims are not invading our jobs, but they are not the burden to us?
Islam is not racist, what it promotes are justice and love.
Human beings are human, including Africans.
The law is to protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior in a society, so does English law. Words hurt. If a Brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.
if you burn people in this country will be preoccupied by their faith.
many muslims are contributing part of our country. they must take very part of our country. they are our brothers and sisters.
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
Actually, most of the NHS staff are immigrants, because British medical student that want to become doctors prefer to emigrate to countries with better conditions. What we do need are some fundings to the NHS staff so that it can cope with understaffing and poor conditions.
There are many black people who want to work. Do you have any proof that they do not want to work?
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
Muslims cannot celebrate their own holidays without fear of being targeted by Islamophobic hatred.
Many Muslims live in Western societies and have contributed to our society in many different ways.
Why do you consider them the worst of all? Yours is just a social construct.
It is not true that homosexuals are poisoning our children minds. There are many soft-hearted and sensitive people among them.
The point of listening to Muslim women, and women in general, is that they could broaden and enlighten your view of the world.
I think it is important to understand that there are different types of racism, some are based on historical or racial discrimination, while some are about individual differences. For me, the real issue is about racism in general. And your claim reminds me of that.
Terrorism and targeting the general public with bombs, assault rifles or any other means is horrific, there is no excuse but lets be clear when a white man does it its called mental illness regardless of what groups he belongs to; when a black man does it its called terrorism.
African Americans have been historically and ethnically diverse, but the notion of them as subhuman or inferior is just false.
Maybe that 'sisterhood of tolerance and understanding' is challenging sexism everywhere including those men who feel they can tell women what they should believe in and how to live their lives.
Refugees are welcome, but if our citizens do not welcome them, it is because they have forgotten about human rights and it is time for a new attitude.
Islam is about love, tolerance and respect for all people. Violence and rape are not about Islam or Muslims in particular.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
The rapists in question are usually not Muslim, but rather white men. Why is it that Muslim rapists are given less of a pass than white rapists?
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
Migrants are not a burden to our country. Migrants have been proven to be contributing members of society.
"If you don't count the ""brainwash"" part, I think this is a fair point. Still, it is important for all teenagers to develop an understanding of their identity and the world they live in, including their sexual orientation. It is their right."
I do not know if it counts as invasion when lots of Muslims in the UK are British citizens and were born here.
All women are human beings. The problem arises when women are taught that they are subhuman.
jews are much about this country. they are not a threat to our society. they are proud of our history. have you also check our attitude and complete to our history?
islam promotes violence against women and women. anyone can feel their sexual preferences.
This isn’t true and being Jewish is not the same as being a Zionist! What makes you think there is any plot for ‘world dominance’?
jews are not a 'detestable race'; they are good brothers and sisters.
Every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific to Islam.
Does that mean Jews as a 2,5% minority can control all levels of government? In a democratic country, we believe that every minority should be represented in the government and it guarantees that noone has total control over anything.
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
To punish people for their crimes does not mean that you have to resort to the death penalty for innocent people, just because they are coming from other countries.
"Women are not ""sex objects"". They can and should have their rights respected and taken into account. Women being sexually abused is just as much a part of western culture as eating pizza or reading the newspaper, and this is abominable. Don't you think?"
Why are you saying that? Because not all Jews are involved with Hollywood, some are repelled by it.
Fat people are not the ones responsible for your suffering and lack of access to basic healthcare services.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
Jews are not born with evil qualities. Unlike some people, they don't believe in what anti-Semites say.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
Refugees are often very contributing people in our society. We should welcome them, not exclude them.
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
No child is 'forced fed' Islam. Parents retain the right to take their child out of any religious education.
Many Muslims live in Western societies and have contributed to our society in many different ways.
you are repeating the conversation about black people in children too. we can stop someone of all backgrounds, etc. this is that the source of what good view the things in.
The media focuses on a small proportion of rape cases involving Muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-Muslim cases get no news coverage, and many are not reported at all.
muslims are not invading our jobs, but they are not the burden to us?
islam is not widely practised in many countries in the world.
not all jews are criminals. so are victims of race, and women are.
Women are allowed to do whatever they choose to do, so don't you think it's fair for them to complain about upkeeping the house if it is not what they want to do? The chores should be shared with the other members of the family.
We shouldn't accept the idea that women are subhuman. They are human beings like men and deserve to be seen as such.
Why? Has Islam ever abolished Christianity?
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
Are you suggesting that all Muslims are criminals, or do you think that there are particular Muslims that are more inclined to be criminals?
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
london is from a few muslims who get muslim us? muslims get it.
Bisexuals are attracted to more than one gender, but this doesn't mean they are greedy. Why do you say so?
isn't all human defenders to the nhs majority of freedom fighters? muslims feel everywhere!
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
There is no such thing as 'male supremacy'. Therefore we must promote equal rights and protect women from discrimination.
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Indeed, those rapists or criminals are deported back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
The 9/11 attacks were perpetrated by members of the terrorist organization Al Qaeda. Jews and Israelis have nothing to do with the attacks. These are the historical facts.
I think queers are simply people who wish to be welcomed in our society. Discrimination is not the right answer. By the way, you can get your crown!
Muslims have value as human beings, that is who they are.
Many Muslims live in Western societies and have contributed to our society in many different ways.
Muslims have been a part of European society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
the majority of migrants are not incompatible with members of our society. why should we ban them?
The doctrine of Islam is a religion, not a bad one. What's the reason you think this?
What’s racist about it?
homosexuality is not a disease. it's quite a sexual preference.
Victims of crime are mostly women, and the majority of people experiencing sex abuse or prostitution are women.
I agree that women are often objects of sexual desire. But so are men. It is also important to recognize that women are often the victims of sexual assault. I think it is also important to recognize that women are human beings. And we all have the right to respect for our bodies.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
Hollywood is an extremely diverse industry, and Jews are a small but vocal minority of actors, directors, producers, etc. How can you say that Jews control the Hollywood industry?
Jews have always been concerned about the well-being of the community they live in and how can they be selfish when they suffered so much during Holocaust?
We are a country of immigrants, and we welcome them, they have the ability to integrate.
Do women really need to be told what they can or cannot wear? For many generations boys were told to wear trousers and girls to wear dresses. Does society really need to tell us all what to wear?
Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
How about a world with multiculturalism and no discrimination? How about a world with open borders and free religion?
Women are to be given the same consideration as men, so they can absolutely drive.
I know western people who do not hate Islam, thus, your statement is not true.
Why do you consider them the worst of all? Yours is just a social construct.
To say that all gay people are criminals is just wrong. It's a gross generalisation.
I don’t think this is true, LGBT people don't have an agenda, they simply want to be accepted and have a family.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
This is not true, homosexuality is a sexual preference, not a mental disorder.
Fgm is not a Muslim-only issue. It is routed in the cultures of certain countries, not in religion.
science contradicts islam and islam does not promote a fact.
muslims have contributed a lot to our society. for instance, migrants came to their lives for their life. <unk> contributing part of our day and proud to it!
Islam is a way of life for many people. I don't see how it is in conflict with our beliefs and values.
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
The Quran is a book about religious teachings, I don't see how it would promote discrimination. Do you have a reference for this claim?
Many immigrants have brought skills and culture to our country. Why should they be a burden in our society?
Not all women are childlike. You have no right to make such a sweeping statement about them.
Homosexuals are not sick, but they might have a mental health crisis because of prejudice. Being isolated from society can only worsen the situation.
It is wrong to say that blacks are a sickness. They are just as capable of thinking for themselves as anyone else, and they deserve to have more prominent roles in society.
It's not true that the LGBT community is a drain on society. The LGBT community makes a major and positive contribition to our society. I just don't see how this is detrimental.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
why do they stop them? what will it be an a reliable knowledge allows the qu'ran for it seems to do?
Terrorism is always violent and always will be. Unfortunately for your comment, Islam is not.
Women are not meant to be slaves to our will. Males can have certain strengths, like women do, however they alone do not represent all the human qualities.
actions of any difference can use a disproportionate amount of violence among islam islam muslims. not only any religious group.
You can't be implying that Jews want to rule the world. They want to live in a country where they aren't persecuted and to have their own rights.
Diseases can be found in all people, regardless of sexual orientation. You should know better before randomly deducing someone's medical history.
immigrants often come in this country are just a part of our society. why would we stop them?
This is not true, people suffering from conditions like Down syndrome can still help and contribute to society
"No one is ""ruining this country"". Why would they? This is a country where minorities can be part of the social fabric and build a better society."
are you blaming the people for other people? national actions of a faith that has nothing wrong to do with them?
women are not to be submissive to men. they are part of this society,
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
Jews are not monsters. They are just like any other human being. Why would we want to destroy them?
islam is a evil religion, not a cancer.
women have the right to be at their own husbands. this includes an opinion that a person's right to.
Jews, like any other group, are free to practice their own religion as long as they respect the law.
I think we should start thinking that women and men should be treated as equal. They should have equal rights.
This is a very misleading concept used to describe people who are discriminated against, particularly Africans. They are all people who have been affected by racism. They deserve to be valued and respected, and we are so proud of having them in our country.
Islam is not a religion of oppression and intolerance.
To claim that Islam is not peaceful is without foundation. According to the Quran, Islam is a peaceful religion. If you want to understand what is really going on with the world, then you should study the Quran, not spout hate speech.
How does a religion cause death? Sounds a bit extreme, no?!
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
Gay people are not disgusting and especially they are not rapists. That is a dangerous stereotype that doesn't reflect reality.
A lack of love towards children is a lot more likely to cause harm than lesbians. Children can be raised well by anyone if they are good parents, including lesbians.
The fact is, there are many Muslims living in European countries as a valuable part of the community. Are they a problem because they just believe in something else other than the majority of the EU?
muslims are welcome given over europe, and many of them are <unk> good to us.
there are still millions of muslims protesting to this.
The feminism does not inhibit the imagination, it promotes inclusive ideas and inclusive ideas promote a more equal society.
Minorities would never hope for such an impact on the rest of the society. Instead, they vote for the equal wealth, power, and opportunity for everyone.
Immigrants do not take our jobs. They work as legal employees and their presence in the country nourishes the economy.
How can you be sure they control the world? Maybe there are some influential Jews in the world, but how does that coincide with 'controlling the world'?
isn't all human defenders to the nhs majority of freedom fighters? muslims feel everywhere!
many muslims live in western society? and you welcome here as a part of our country. why should we respect them from thinking to them to live their <unk>
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
Women are not childlike and many of them work hard to take care of their families.
if you have any muslim group, then there is only muslims <unk> joining our enemies. why do you think so?
People who have never even met a Muslim can understand one.
you cannot say respectful of british culture?
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
Violence on our streets is the result of many complex causes. Violence cannot simply be the fault of one race.
Feminists are often civil and considerate to others, even to those who disagree with them. There are many examples of that.
Why would we nuke the third world? There's nothing to worry about them, they are not causing any trouble. They have the right to life as anyone else in the world.
Being gay is not a choice. Gay people shouldn't have to hide their sexuality in order to be accepted.
I have no idea what you are talking about. What you are saying is that all the immigrants in the US are a danger to society, which seems a little exaggerated...
Muslims cannot celebrate their own holidays without fear of being targeted by Islamophobic hatred.
It is not true that all migrants are criminals. It is more likely that when people hear your statement, they are surprised and amazed at the idea of criminals as a community. Don't you think so?
The real problem is that the NHS has been underfunded for years, since health tourism actually only takes 0.3% of the budget. You can't blame migrants for a funding problem.
Actually the facts say it is just 0.01% of Muslims who might be extremists. So stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
Why should Islam have no place in a democracy? Islam is a peaceful, democratic faith with universalist values that has been shown time and time again to be much more peaceful and tolerant than the violent extremist fundamentalist ideas spewed by extremists like Isis.
The real problem is that, whether or not someone has 'chosen' to be obese is often not clear-cut, and when in doubt, society tends to condemn and shame.
Many European countries have been in recession since 2010, and this has not much to do with immigrants.
I'm sorry to hear you don't feel safe in your local area anymore but what does migrants moving to the area have to do with that?
Maybe it is not they do not want to assimilate but they do not know our society and how to assimilate. If we can help them fit into the society, you would see that they respect our laws and cultures.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
there is no evidence that blacks are violent. there are many muslims from all the muslims. you can stop spreading racism.
Let's be honest. Immigrants are not stealing our jobs. Most of the times they contribute to create new job opportunities.
There is no need to ban gays from Europe and US. It is simply not appropriate to treat gays like this.
Actually, Muslims have to respect the law of the country they're in under Sharia law, so in fact you can have two laws in a country
Laws and policies are usually necessary for the progress of society. Governments often create laws and policies to stop crime, protect against poverty, protect the environment, etc. Protecting minorities is no exception.
Where did you get that idea? The reason it’s sometimes publicised when a holocaust survivor speaks about their experience is because there aren’t many of them, especially now when most survivors have passed away.
Many migrants come here as young people seeking a better future. This is not a problem.
Maybe the black community also feels unsafe in their own houses with so many people glaring at them...
getting rid of 22% of the world's population sounds quite laborious, i do not think that all muslims are terrorists.
Just because you dont like gays doesn't mean you have to hate them. What did they do to you? It seems to me that you still have all of your rights.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
we cannot let over muslims in the uk, this is only a justification. you are worried like this?
The Quran does not advocate that Muslims are inherently violent people, nor does the Hadith prove that Islam is a violent faith. Islam is a religion that promotes tolerance and respect for other faiths.
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
Immigration doesn't mean letting people in to steal our jobs, but rather, respecting people's right to live and work in the country they choose.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
Muslim people are inherently human, like every other person on the planet. Why would you say that?
I want women to be strong and independent and able to take up any career they want. If women choose to be submissive to men then that is their choice, but you cannot suggest that being treated this way in spite of their choices is ok.
They are not a burden, they just want to work. How are they a burden to you?
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
there are still millions of muslims protesting to this.
are you referring to you control the same out on a power community? i do not think so.
Why would it? The Koran is a peaceful religious book.
you are not ashamed of your heritage, and i am this fair to be ashamed of your discriminatory behaviour that is filling our society.
No. A faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life helps make up humanity.
Here's lots of proof the holocaust happened: survivors, concentration camps, documents, millions of deaths. How can you say it never happened when there is so much evidence to prove that it did?
If they were violent they would have been punished too. Why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
Let's face it: the drug trade is full of criminals and crooks, it does not depend on the skin tone of people.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
No one is allowed to rape anyone. There is no double standards, criminals go to prison, and religion and nationality have nothing to deal with it.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
Even if individuals with learning difficulties would be more likely to attend school with more efforts than others, it does not justify denying them education in the first place.
The Koran has been used for many centuries as a source of inspiration. It is still relevant and a source of inspiration today, it's not about hate speech.
islam has only many exceptions, islam, and there is no 'invasion'.
Islam is a religion that promotes love and compassion.
they have contributed greatly to our civilisation, they are part of our society and should welcome people as well.
Limiting donors to such an extent (i.e. by excluding all gay people) would limit the amount of available blood and potentially lead to shortages.
Everyone has to follow British laws, that's just how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our laws. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
muslims criticize violence and violence comes like muslims.
Jews work hard to get to where they are, just as anyone else does, and they don't deserve discrimination for this.
Many survivors confessed that they were willing to provide their children with stories of the Holocaust but it was very difficult emotionally. They want to talk about the aspects of life for Jews during the time of the Holocaust to not forget what happened.
Many Muslims live in Western societies and have contributed to our society in many different ways.
the koran has not command this.
Do you have any proof that the Jews control the U.S. government? It seems highly unlikely to me.
That is not the case, tuberculosis is a global health problem. Immigrants do not bring diseases, and if they do, the solution is to treat them.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
Women are neither childlike nor soft and emotional. They feel emotions as part of who they are and their human nature.
If a person believes they have no place in a country then they must be very worried. How would you feel if all the people you love left you, or if you were obliged to leave the person and the country you love?
People lie for all sorts of reasons, and being gay can sometimes be quite dangerous even life-threatening, so that's why they have to lie, as a self-defence.
If you want to be 'respected', don't be like them. Treat others as you would want to be treated yourself. That's how you will get respect.
Islam is about love, tolerance and respect for all people. Violence and rape are not about Islam or Muslims in particular.
Muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. It is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
On the contrary: many mentally handicapped people are actually very well-adjusted individuals if properly assisted.
There are many good reasons for migrating: to work, escape poverty, etc. Would you hate someone for any of these reasons?
No, not all Muslims are terrorists. Only a handful of extremists are, but they don't represent all of Islam.
I'm sorry, but this is wrong. Feminism - the theory of the political, economic, and social equality of the sexes - is by definition about equality, first and foremost.
we do not accept them in an way.
My friend, like Quran, many ancient literatures in many cultures and religions are still worth reading. For example, The Bible and The Buddhist scriptures are read by all the world and translated to many languages.
i think it is good to say that jews can't be banned. diversity of human migrants and contributing less our society.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
Africans feel pain just as any other humans. We must respect their bodies like we respect ours.
i am tired of making local people from the result of millions of people. they are less <unk> to say like more. are disgusting. we should blame these people discriminated based on their religion.
It is just a religion like Christianity or any other. Get over it.
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
Islam is a religion. It is a belief and a way of life. It is not a totalitarian ideology.
or this person is not a terrorist.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
islam is a evil religion, not a cancer.
Women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. Is there a particular reason you are picking on Islam?
Like all groups of people, some Jews are good with money; some are not. Some Jews are cheap; some are not. The same can be said for any group of people, whether you define them by religion, nationality or whatever characteristics you choose.
Individuals who identify as Christians, or as Muslims, or as afro-american have succeeded as well in US politics. There is no secret Jews conspiracy to rule the world.
Feminism wants equal rights because women's rights are the same as everybody else.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
Do you really believe there is a ‘globalist cabal’ controlling us? And if so, what do you think they’re doing?
Many Muslims live in the UK. They are our neighbours and we should welcome them.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
Gay men contribute to our society like anyone else and as such are entitled to human rights.
so you would say that women will be 'male societies.
We should be encouraging integration, not rejecting migrants who have been coming to our country for many years.
When they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or doing in the minutes before? Why do I feel there is a fuller story here?
Fat people are not the ones responsible for your suffering and lack of access to basic healthcare services.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
Having a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? Really?
Refugees are not a burden. We can welcome them and provide for their needs.
the question is, why it is a problem? maybe i'd should isolate people's blame muslims who aren't in, but they can assimilate to assimilate. if they are equal.
WIthout softeness and emotions there would just be brutality and cruelty. Not all women are soft and emotional and many men have these characteristics. To perpetuate these socially constructed gender profiles maintains patriarchal norms which oppress both men and women.
If there was a religion that celebrated death, then that would need to be banned, but fortunately Islam isn't a death cult so it can't be banned.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Jews have always been part of our society and are our brothers and sisters, they don't want to see our culture be destroyed. We are a diverse society and that is why we have a lot in common with them.
there's really actually white people who sure that they are born in the same <unk> and cannot have a lot to respect and protection with human beings.
Jews try to influence the world in a positive way just as everyone else is doing. I don't see any evidence to suggest that they are the most powerful people in the world.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
Migrants do not receive 35 euros per se, this money is paid to the co-ops to cover food and accommodation during the period spent in first aid facilities
Many Gypsies have regular jobs, but we do not know, because they don't need to tell.
You cannot be racist towards an ideology. You can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
This is just misinterpreting the facts. For example, Christian holidays, such as Christmas and Easter, are regularly observed in our society. Since these observances are taken for granted, why should observances of Jewish or Muslim holidays be seen as constituting special privileges?
Death cults usually don't attract new followers, so Islam is not a religion of death.
Migrants are humans, and are entitled to the same rights as others, such as to ask for hospitality.
Islam is a religion that is part of our history and heritage. Eliminating it would be to eliminate a part of our own culture.
islam is an ideology and hate promoting violent ancient crime and crimes. people. why exactly do you say that?
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
They are not a burden, they just want to work. How are they a burden to you?
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
Jews are not the only ones who work with Hollywood. They may have influence in the industry, but they're not alone in that.
Migrants are completely able to integrate in our society. They are an integral part of our society and proud of their heritage. How can we be inclusive if we exclude them?
london is from a few muslims who get muslim us? muslims get it.
Isn't this a 'Have You Stopped Beating Your Wife?' question.?
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
Criminality and corruption are not the province of any specific racial or culture group.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
Maybe it is not they do not want to assimilate but they do not know our society and how to assimilate. If we can help them fit into the society, you would see that they respect our laws and cultures.
To believe that Jews run our country is absurd, especially if you consider that the U.S. is a democracy. This looks like a conspiracy theory.
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
islam promotes violence, and consent, not an ideology and conquest.
I don't think you can stop people from coming to the UK by banning them.
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
As you said, it is extremism which does not represent the majority of Muslims. We do not want more fear or hate speech in our life. We could help people know the true Muslims by reading the facts and conversing with your Muslim neighbors.
Homosexuals are not sick, but they might have a mental health crisis because of prejudice. Being isolated from society can only worsen the situation.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
what do you mean? all muslims are sick? it is an entire faith?
I don't think lgbt+ humans are incompatible with all mankind... they're human too.
No child is 'forced fed' Islam. Parents retain the right to take their child out of any religious education.
There are many cases of domestic violence, where women do not want to have such a lifestyle. This, instead, is against their rights.
Not all rapists are black and not all black are rapists. Skin color doesn't make you a criminal.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
I don't think you can stop people from coming to the UK by banning them.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
So... today Jews control the banks, the media, your dentist, your pharmacist. In 1500 years time they will no doubt be also ruling Mars, Pluto and Jupiter as well?
london is from a few muslims who get muslim us? muslims get it.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
There is no need to ban gays from Europe and US. It is simply not appropriate to treat gays like this.
we are all citizens from the eyes of our society, then they are just proud of their heritage.
not all jews are criminals. so are victims of race, and women are.
how can you say this about an entire group of war.
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
no vast majority of immigrants are good people. i think you think these are meant to make us.
"The Quran does not impose women's subjugation. The Prophet Muhammad never did so, and his command to ""love your neighbor as yourself"" is explicitly stated in the Quran."
No one is offended by people celebrating Christmas. Myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
Hollywood is an extremely diverse industry, and Jews are a small but vocal minority of actors, directors, producers, etc. How can you say that Jews control the Hollywood industry?
rape is always a criminal act. it is not be your problem. we need to look at this word child abuse.
You're completely ignoring the distinction between sex and gender. People of the female sex have a female reproductive system, but gender is about how you feel, how you identify, gender has nothing to do with your reproductive organs.
they are referring to our country, they are welcome here,
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
What is the exact link between more migration and more crime? I've seen nothing that ties the two things.
this is not true. some research have nothing to supportive people with other other religions, but does not mean that they are attributed to many. moreover, islam? it is not true that all criminals is a function of the overall anger or push u. s. time than though a religion cannot commit crimes.
No, they should not. Gay people have a right to education like everyone else. Why do you think otherwise?
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
Jews have been part of our country since its creation and have always had a place here. Why would they be 'not welcome'?
the koran teached justice for rape and everyone does not blame it.
Islam is a religion that promotes love and compassion.
actions of any difference can use a disproportionate amount of violence among islam islam muslims. not only any religious group.
Perhaps what you're saying is just hyperbole, but you seem to have a problem accepting sexual minorities in your community. Perhanps you should accept that STD is a problem of all the people regardless of their sexual identity.
There are some examples of non-peaceful groups in Islam: for example ISIL, a group that has carried out a lot of terrorist attacks and killed many people. However, I don't think they represent all Muslims and I definitely don't think that peaceful Muslims can't exist too.
have you ask why? the fact that jews achieved no the holocaust? are you serious? does not seem reasonable to me.
are you sure? you have strong contributions for understanding and and muslims later i read you are you read the fact so you are ignorant about what you think is not?
You are not saying that Islam is not a religion of peace, are you?
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
I don't think it's necessary to create a new world , just a less violent one and mass genocide wouldn't help with that.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
I would not say that gays are inherently evil, you need to think carefully about what you are saying.
how can you say that? that's the quran that 'god are not belong in islam?
I do not think Islam is evil. The Qu'ran statements do not promote anything evil or hateful. The reputation of Muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
migrants create equal jobs by social workers, down than they should.
Women are just as capable of feeling emotions as men, and men can likewise be just as empathic.
a burden a lot of lgbt+ people wish to be valuable and friendly people. why is your point?
Even if some immigrants don't pay taxes to the state, that doesn't mean that all of them should not have a say in the country. Simply because some British citizens don't pay taxes, this doesn't mean that no-one should have a say in our country. Be careful with generalization: what goes around comes around.
Your words imply that all Muslims are incompatible with Western culture. Do you have any data to back this up?
we need to deport all people fleeing their countries because they are coming because of their countries.
it is not true that muslims are being ""invaded"". we have you to hate them about up with your pasta"
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
Gays are not disgusting pricks. They are just like any other person.
Surely Jews are among the best workers in the world, but this doesn't mean that they want to ruin the country where they are living. That wouldn't make sense.
Terrorist is the only term you can come up with? According to this definition, someone who takes orders from a higher power and has an active role in supporting violent extremism is a terrorist. To be a Muslim means practicing Islam, not violence.
Of course there are whites that have been victims of police brutality, but the most important statistic I have seen is that of blacks being 2.5 times more likely to be killed by police in the US.
They are not a burden, they just want to work. How are they a burden to you?
The LGBT+ community is extremely accepting, I met so many LGBT+ people over the years that are so inclusive because they can accept the values of others. You can start by accepting yourself and your own gender.
That is the law. Asylum seekers are required not to work while their asylum claims are considered.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
I believe that we need to do as much as possible to bring in talent, and we should also be paying the right amount to the right people, regardless of their country of origin.
lgbt rights should be allowed to have their lives too, should you be happy to be accepted.
We allow people from all backgrounds to vote. Why shouldn't we let them vote? What's the point of democracy then?
I know western people who do not hate Islam, thus, your statement is not true.
Being forced to eat my peas when I was a kid just made me hate them even more. Still cannot stomach the damn things.
In Western society men and women are supposed to be equal. Feminism is just an attempt to improve the issues of women and to end the gender equality gap.
"muslims have the right to choose their own choice and work there. then want. why are you think that?
What do you mean by Islam is a cult? Do you have any proof for this statement?
A lack of love towards children is a lot more likely to cause harm than lesbians. Children can be raised well by anyone if they are good parents, including lesbians.
Islam is a religion that promotes love and compassion.
Gay people are not disgusting and especially they are not rapists. That is a dangerous stereotype that doesn't reflect reality.
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is simply wrong. Through centuries of intermarriage and conversion, Jews from Eastern Europe tend to look like Eastern Europeans; Jews from Ethiopia tend to look like Ethiopians; Jews from India tend to look like Indians. And so on and so forth.
Why? Jews are a crucial part of our society, they contribute so much.
There are still plenty of caring women who want to be mothers. Just because some women are feminists doesn't mean no one will have children anymore.
100% of the unemployed Muslim stats I read on Twitter are fake. Muslim unemployment is at 12% in the UK, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
islam is about love, not hate.
We should really avoid any comparison between animals and humans and would be better if there were no discrimination at all. Homosexual people aren't a danger to children.
Gays are not animals. Why you should isolate people based on their sexual preferences?
isn't all human defenders to the nhs majority of freedom fighters? muslims feel everywhere!
The West has never been at war with Islam, and I don't see how the war would have just begun.
My friend is of African descent, and she's perfectly fine with whites 'mixing' with blacks, and does not feel so 'naturally superior'.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
When they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or doing in the minutes before? Why do I feel there is a fuller story here?
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
I think women and men should be treated as equal individuals, because both wish to be treated with respect.
No woman has ever been subhuman. The concept of 'subhuman' has always been used to justify any kind of discrimination and violence.
No, not all Muslims are terrorists. Only a handful of extremists are, but they don't represent all of Islam.
Prophet Muhammad: 'The dearest person to me in friendship and in love, in this world and the next is Jesus, the son of Mary.' - Muslims love Jesus lol why would they be offended by a celebration of his birth?
london is from a few muslims who get muslim us? muslims get it.
Teaching about LGBT relationships in schools isn't trying to indoctrinate children, it's just teaching kids that gay relationships exist and can be healthy and happy.
a burden a lot of lgbt+ people wish to be valuable and friendly people. why is your point?
It's not true that all black people are aggressive. Also, the majority of our population is white, we don't need that much protection.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
i think the right of muslim people who were accused of black people is peaceful.
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
The notion of isolating children in general is abhorrent, isolating down syndrome patients would be a major cause of their school abandonment. To say that isolated children is a solution is just wrong.
Jews are persecuted all around the world, but what you say is not based on facts.
if muslims contribute in europe to preserve our jobs. they are welcome here and contribute pay to the economy.
The West continually bombs Middle Eastern and Muslim countries. Maybe we should stop blowing people up.
It sounds like you're demonizing black people in a racist way. Black people are born same as us, and they can grow up to be respectable people or not, like anyone else.
There is no 'them and us' we all must live together in respect, peace and understanding.
Despite the local press blaming all Muslims, of course, there is no evidence that Muslims are more prone to crime than the general population. The main problem is poverty, and often mental illness and addiction, rather than a single faith.
The fact that a person may be disabled does not diminish their right or ability to work.
women have the right to choose, why do you think they are just a cancer.
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
So, you say that highly educated Muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? Sorry, but you got this so wrong.
Jewish survivors of the Holocaust, whose suffering is nothing to be ashamed of, are proof that violence is never right.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
If the mother is an independent woman thanks to feminism, it can only be good for the family.
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
Dear friend, first of all, sharia law and Islam are not extreme. Sharia law is guidance for the goal of leading humanity close to God and to live in kindness and justice with God's creation. Second of all, jihad, based on the concept of Muslim, means struggle for the advancement of oneself within the guidelines of Islam. All these reveal that Islam is a peaceful religion.
They have the right to work. Migrants have a hard time finding regular jobs, just because often they are employed illegally.
Learning about gender identity and sexual orientation in health classes in school could promote a more accepting environment and reduce bullying.
Through integration we show hospitality and acceptance towards several groups of people. It's good for both our people and the country to live in a diverse society.
muslims have been lawful british, as many of us protect us because they have the right to live their lives in our country.
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
they are referring to our country, they are welcome here,
Gay men are interested in women, simply not in a romantic or sexual way. Why would you care what other people like? It's their private life.
i would you believe that the diversity of jewish is different from all walks of life.
And if all Muslims were to leave, women and girls would still be harmed - most of it comes from family friends, work places, people and institutions and of course we'd have no NHS or train service.
For someone who is dating to find love, for no reason at all would I find this to be questionable.
The number of illegal immigrants entering the US has actually more than halved in the last 20 years. To make your point that migrants are all criminals is just plain wrong.
Dear friend, first of all, sharia law and Islam are not extreme. Sharia law is guidance for the goal of leading humanity close to God and to live in kindness and justice with God's creation. Second of all, jihad, based on the concept of Muslim, means struggle for the advancement of oneself within the guidelines of Islam. All these reveal that Islam is a peaceful religion.
Many Muslims live in the UK and we have a lot in common, and what is different between us is not a reason for discrimination.
the vast majority of muslim people in the uk are a peaceful, contributing members of society. they should not have to welcome here.
That is not true: most Jews are good people. Unfortunately the number of good people in the world is dwarfed by the number of unreliable people spreading hate grounded on false facts and antisemitic canards.
Perhaps it is time you take a look at some of the profiles on dating site such as okcupid. You can see that many of the profiles are of gay men. BTW: gays do not appear to be the real problem here.
A person's right to have an abortion is a personal one. And if that person has the right to make her or his own choice, then they should have the right to do as they wish.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
There is no law forbidding you to be a Muslim. It is a human right to pursue whatever religion you wish.
women are not full of british societies.
Homosexuality is not an abomination to God, quite the contrary. We cannot make homophobia a reality.
they are referring to our country, they are welcome here,
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
Why would it? The Koran is a peaceful religious book.
Feminism is about creating a more equal society, and not about oppressing men.
Why should we reject Middle Eastern and African refugees? International protection is a right.
you cannot say respectful of british culture?
Feminism is an ideology that aims to create a more just society, for example by ending the gender pay gap.
in fact, many jews are more interested to society, what's one of doing that they are.
Why do we think that being physically disabled should have any influence on other qualities that people have, like intelligence?
People who have never even met a Muslim can understand one.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
Methodist, Lutheran, Jehovah's Witness, Catholic, Protestant, there are different types of Christianity and different countries interpret it different ways why do you think Islam would be different?
women are often contributing to our society. they are human beings with human beings, in the full right of respect and rights.
do you know the phrase isn't offensive to calling anything about how it is an inclusive respect to the other cultures in communities.
Or maybe they're just lesbian so they don't want men. They don't necessarily have to choose to have a relationship with the opposite sex, and their choices don't affect you.
There is no evidence that LGBT people are a danger to society. They are just trying to live their life like any citizen.
they are referring to our country, they are welcome here,
Jews have their own unique culture, and share the history of persecution and forced conversion. They should not be despised for their religious beliefs.
even if migrants controlled the financial financial world, academia, and the whole solar stereotype. how can you mean they control the right to this?
Migrants are humans, and are entitled to the same rights as others, such as to ask for hospitality.
Where did you get this information from? I do not believe any crime would be free from judge. We should have more failth in English laws and people who execute the laws.
Immigrants are often accused of being lazy, but in reality they are just seeking a better life and working hard for it.
Superman being bisexual will not erode the innocence of children. Since you probably taught your children about straight relationship, you can easily do the same for bisexual relationship. If you think they don't exist, you should be the one that needs to be taught. Well, if you have any questions ask them!
Even if they follow the sharia law, Muslims don't want to 'take over' but rather to live alongside everyone else
Well, since you are very scared, I am sure you have some examples on when some gay tried to convince you to join their side. I would be interested in hearing that.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
Are you sure about that? In the UK, 48% of patients receiving HIV care were exposed through sex between a man and a woman, while 47% where exposed through sex between two men. It seems that heterosexual sex is riskier, but heterosexuals can still donate blood.
The brain is the most basic organ, it has been used by all of us for a long time. Your suggestion that blacks don't have brains is rather brainless and racist.
Gays are not animals. Why you should isolate people based on their sexual preferences?
The Quran is a book about religious teachings, I don't see how it would promote discrimination. Do you have a reference for this claim?
Not all women are childlike. You have no right to make such a sweeping statement about them.
the overwhelming majority of the immigrants are good people. they are not successful as human culture and to others.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
No. Having a diverse society is a positive. There is no 'invasion'.
at most, most communities have also contributed to our society, and they can be able to integrate.
I don't see why a Muslim cannot have a place in a modern democracy. If a Jew or an Asian or Native American can take a seat of power (even though these people are only occasionally elected) why not a Muslim?
"""Islam is not a joke"" is utter nonsense, you know it is a serious mistake to connect fundamentalists and Islam as if all the believers are extremists."
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
In reality they are not nomads since they have resided permanently in many European countries for generations
It's not true that all black people are aggressive. Also, the majority of our population is white, we don't need that much protection.
actions of any difference can use a disproportionate amount of violence among islam islam muslims. not only any religious group.
No one is forcing kids to transition, if a child feels like they are transgender then actually being able to medically transition with hormones is not a decision ever taken lightly, and it's a long and stressful process involving consultation from many medical and psychological professionals.
As a matter of fact, we couldn't manage without immigrants. Most of our NHS staff are immigrants. The health system would collapse without migrant workers.
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
Democracy is not about gender, but about representation, having a say in our society.
Homosexuals are not sick, but they might have a mental health crisis because of prejudice. Being isolated from society can only worsen the situation.
rape is always a criminal act. it is not be your problem. we need to look at this word child abuse.
Islam is actually a religion about peace, not about hate and violence.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
We have always been a nation of immigrants, and it is a proud tradition to welcome immigrants from around the world. This is because we give value to human rights.
"Noone can scientifically say that men are ""far better"" at it than women. It is just a prejudice of some people."
there’s no evidence and that rape is a constructed concern to children, this way.
"I do not know your intentions, but I find it hard to understand why you would say that. What do you mean by ""as many different men as possible""? I am not sure what you are talking about."
No, not all Muslims are terrorists. Only a handful of extremists are, but they don't represent all of Islam.
You don't like gays, fine, but this doesn't allow you to hate them. What did they do to you? It doesn't seem like they affected you.
rape is always a criminal act. it is not be your problem. we need to look at this word child abuse.
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
All humans are born equal, although there is no gender equality. This means they need to raise their voice.
Foreigners are brothers and sisters, and are part of our country. We should respect the diversity of our people.
Sexualization of children is a modern value? Do you actually know what is meant by values?
The only people we can isolate are high-risk groups can be isolated, that is to say all those who have unprotected sex with different partners. Someone doesn't belong to this group by default because of homosexuality.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
Why would you think it is a war? Can't we deal with it peacefully? War cannot solve problems but create chaos.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
The notion of isolating children in general is abhorrent, isolating down syndrome patients would be a major cause of their school abandonment. To say that isolated children is a solution is just wrong.
There is never justification for rape. Individuals of all faiths have used their holy texts to justify all sorts of crimes. They carry the blame.
Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
Children are being taught Islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. I hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
Many Muslims aren't homophobic and sexist, but like in any religion, some are. It is not the religion, its cultural and personal attitudes.
Homosexuals are not sick, but they might have a mental health crisis because of prejudice. Being isolated from society can only worsen the situation.
The idea that immigrants are inherently bad people is just fear mongering.
No woman has ever been subhuman. The concept of 'subhuman' has always been used to justify any kind of discrimination and violence.
Yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. Sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?
Women are neither childlike nor soft and emotional. They feel emotions as part of who they are and their human nature.
Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice against Islamophobia!
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
Laws and policies are usually necessary for the progress of society. Governments often create laws and policies to stop crime, protect against poverty, protect the environment, etc. Protecting minorities is no exception.
Even if 'blacks' committed more crimes, that doesn't mean that 'blacks' were inherently worse than whites. What's the point of statistics? Scholars have found that African Americans are disproportionately represented in the arrest and victimization reports which are used to compile crime rate statistics in the United States.
are you saying that all black people are born in other men's and some are less than a danger for us?
Women are human beings, and they are valued equally, that's why we have to listen to them.
And if all Muslims were to leave, women and girls would still be harmed - most of it comes from family friends, work places, people and institutions and of course we'd have no NHS or train service.
In the U.S., a doctor, a lawyer, a teacher are some of the most highly valued professions. Women working as doctors and lawyers and teachers are highly respected professionals as well, right?
if you burn people in this country will be preoccupied by their faith.
women can't be denied such jobs, or malign them from their own person. in the end, they are humans human and they should be respected,
Isn't divesity essential to a modern democracy? We can't have a modern democracy if people are discriminated against because of their religion.
I'm sorry, it seems that there are far more homophobes here than Saudi Arabia. It is sad that in the twenty-first century, in our country, it is still not OK to be gay.
Violence on our streets is the result of many complex causes. Violence cannot simply be the fault of one race.
The Bible has many different teachings on homosexuality and faith. The Bible does not speak about the democratic society, in which we are living in mutual acceptance.
If you want to be 'respected', don't be like them. Treat others as you would want to be treated yourself. That's how you will get respect.
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
Women tend to do the majority of housework while having a job outside as well. If by 'childlike' you mean having to be creative because of multitasking and managing their whole family, yes, otherwise, there is no doubt about the extra workload women are handling in the rigours of modern life.
Why do so many British people associate Muslims with rape? Islam is about sharing values, tolerance and understanding. It is not about sharing non-consensual sex.
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
I do not think Islam is evil. The Qu'ran statements do not promote anything evil or hateful. The reputation of Muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
There are lots of different races, and someone can't be judged as inferior just by skin color.
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
The N-word is a degrading insult against African Americans that is still used today. Political correctness has nothing to do with it.
muslims are not invading our jobs, but they are not the burden to us?
The only obstacle to Islam coexisting with Western culture is intolerance like this.
Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.
Feminism is a progressive ideology. As such, it is in the process of changing sexist ideas.
Slavery was banned in Britain in 1833. Today, people descending from those who were slaves feel at home in British society, and that's their right.
"The conditions for people with disabilities, i.e. being forbidden to have contact with others is facilitated by the social stigma. The existence of a ""social stigma"" against the ""disabled"" is evidence of the problem of inequality."
Muslims are welcome here, and many of them already live here, so why shouldn't we welcome them? Why should we be so intolerant of people who are already integrated here?
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.
Unfortunately there is evidence that weight discrimination (for example in the US) is similar to gender or race discrimination. [link]
there are still millions of muslims protesting to this.
Without women there would be no men.
Equality means that a man would not be called a coward. Women have plenty to offer the world of politics and as much of a right to take part as anyone else.
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
Men are still the primary aggressors in most sexual assaults, and women are victims in about as many cases. This is about sexism, don't you think?
What do you mean by migrants causing the crisis?
Muslim people are inherently human, like every other person on the planet. Why would you say that?
Every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific to Islam.
Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.
muslims have been lawful british, as many of us protect us because they have the right to live their lives in our country.
No, they should not. Gay people have a right to education like everyone else. Why do you think otherwise?
First of all, there are people in the US who have lawful status and who have chosen to live in the US. Second, most immigrants are naturalized citizens. Third, there is a lot of debate about 'legitimacy' since the values of citizenship and 'legitimacy' are very different for immigrants.
"jews are just blaming any minority, just like they were all trying to get that.
This myth comes from “The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion”, that is used as proof of a Jewish conspiracy to rule the world. But you have to know that the Protocols are just a pile of crap (sorry for being vulgar).
Being Jewish doesn't make you any less of a human being. The fact that you are Jewish doesn't mean that you deserve less human rights.
there are many jobs that they have contributed to our society.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
To work with people from different backgrounds and different opinions is promoting free speech. If there wasn't free speech for everyone you couldn't express how you feel.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
Migrants have the right to have a dignified life in our country. Why would you ban some nationalities?
All women are human beings. The problem arises when women are taught that they are subhuman.
Why would you think it is a war? Can't we deal with it peacefully? War cannot solve problems but create chaos.
muslims are innocent. they deserve not wouldn't terrified treatment. women are the future. we should offer better place and brightness to our society.
islam has not a crime. it is a peaceful religion. therefore, is one of the teachings of the type of worship?
they have contributed greatly to our civilisation, they are part of our society and should welcome people as well.
100% of the unemployed Muslim stats I read on Twitter are fake. Muslim unemployment is at 12% in the UK, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
Good to see you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. Cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
There's absolutely no link between bisexuality and child marriage. What are you implying?
Actually, I think that the whole point of #VisitMyMosque is to ask questions.
I think we should start thinking that women and men should be treated as equal. They should have equal rights.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
Do you think all gay people are a threat? Or do you think that they are different from others? Being gay doesn't make you dangerous.
Gays are not animals. Why you should isolate people based on their sexual preferences?
A British dog born in a British stable is not a horse, but its still British. We have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our Citizen's, be they good or evil surely?
The Koran has been used for many centuries as a source of inspiration. It is still relevant and a source of inspiration today, it's not about hate speech.
i think it is myth that we are invaded from many over the world. they have been part of our history and history.
Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.
Women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. Is there a particular reason you are picking on Islam?
Children are being taught Islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. I hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
so prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with this.
The feminist movement is a fight to end sexism, not a fight to dominate men.
in fact, the government who love us to help the poor and children. they are not criminals, they are an integral for the wealth of the u. s. in society.
Islam is actually a religion about peace, not about hate and violence.
Feminism is an ideology that can actually prevent many deaths, e.g., homicides of women, domestic violence, if it is fully understood by every last member of the society.
I do not think it's an absolute statement that a woman cannot hold a job. Do you have any evidence of that?
Islam is a religion, recognized as such by all other religions, and its followers are not bad. And people who subscribe to its tenets are allowed to hold opinions and live their lives as they wish.
Why should we? They have been here a long time and are just here to live a peaceful life. Why should we get rid of them? We can do better than this.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
Actually, I think that the whole point of #VisitMyMosque is to ask questions.
Jews are not the only ones who benefit from this. They contribute to the prosperity of the United States just as other minorities and groups do.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
Is it facts or just your imagination? I do not agree that they aim to take control of us. Maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
There are plenty of stabbings, yes, but they're not all by migrants, where is the evidence to suggest so?
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
do you mean all british muslims who follow those british muslims?
I agree that women are often objects of sexual desire. But so are men. It is also important to recognize that women are often the victims of sexual assault. I think it is also important to recognize that women are human beings. And we all have the right to respect for our bodies.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
In today's society it is quite common to be single without the need to blame women.
Migrants actually don't get given a lot by the government, and asylum support benefits are much much lower than universal credit given to British citizens. They have to be put in hotels temporarily whilst they are processed.
Although they may not share a language and a common history, we should respect their differences.
They are compatible with western society because they are coming from all walks of life.
these men have lived in the main of the family.
a burden a lot of lgbt+ people wish to be valuable and friendly people. why is your point?
most muslims also are a danger in society,
Fat people are not the ones responsible for your suffering and lack of access to basic healthcare services.
many immigrants come here for young people, and we have a better skills for their needs.
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
You're completely ignoring the distinction between sex and gender. People of the female sex have a female reproductive system, but gender is about how you feel, how you identify, gender has nothing to do with your reproductive organs.
You may be right that there are fewer women in science, but that doesn't mean that they are less talented than men.
not all jews are criminals. so are victims of race, and women are.
Actually all modern science and mathematics are children of Islam.
the vast majority of them are good people, they are not part of our society. to have our country.
Yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. Sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
Everyone has to follow British laws, that's just how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our laws. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
The West has always been about freedom, democracy and the rule of law. Freedom and democracy are things that can be achieved only by a multiethnic, pluralistic, civilised society.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
Homosexuality is not a disease. What is wrong with being gay? Why do you say that?
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
islam is incompatible with western value i mean, we shouldn't accept them like them.
There are many undocumented immigrants that are so because they have overstayed their visas. That means that they entered the U.S. with lawful documentation and only later became illegal.
What do you mean by that? Are you saying that the Jews are responsible for the Holocaust? How is that reasonable to you
Why would it bring back slavery and oppression? I don't see the connection between these issues and marriage between people of the same sex.
Actually, the Qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. Muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by Muslim teachings, and are denounced by true Muslims.
Not all women are childlike. You have no right to make such a sweeping statement about them.
i think it is good to say that jews can't be banned. diversity of human migrants and contributing less our society.
The 9/11 attacks were perpetrated by members of the terrorist organization Al Qaeda. Jews and Israelis have nothing to do with the attacks. These are the historical facts.
Invasion? Don't you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? People simply want to live in one of the best cities in the world!
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
We still can teach British, European and World history, but part of that is looking at the history of groups which have been erased from our history previously. Looking at the some of the historic struggles of LGBT people in the UK can inform the future for everyone!
So... today Jews control the banks, the media, your dentist, your pharmacist. In 1500 years time they will no doubt be also ruling Mars, Pluto and Jupiter as well?
Women are not childlike, but instead essential parts of their families, and they have the right to leave their homes when they want to.
at most, most communities have also contributed to our society, and they can be able to integrate.
Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.
To the contrary, we have been trading with Muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when we were at war with other European nations.
Islam is a religion, not a religion of terror. I wouldn't say that about Christianity either.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
It doesn't matter who you are. Whether you're a man, a woman or transgender, women are to be treated as human beings.
It has nothing to do with power and control. It's about equality.
How can you be sure they control the world? Maybe there are some influential Jews in the world, but how does that coincide with 'controlling the world'?
Diseases can be found in all people, regardless of sexual orientation. You should know better before randomly deducing someone's medical history.
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
actions of any difference can use a disproportionate amount of violence among islam islam muslims. not only any religious group.
islam is a religion that promotes love and compassion. [insert people from all walks of life helps be violent?
It is true that some terrorists are Muslims, but there is no evidence of such a thing in the whole Muslim community.
violent genocide is terrible. it is simply hatred.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
No they should not, why would they be? Women are people with their own rights.
Migrants are not a burden to our country. Migrants have been proven to be contributing members of society.
jews are not taking our jobs. they are our brothers and sisters. we should respect them.
Equality isn't about a certain group; it is about the society in which we live. You might be right in saying that this is the problem, but to define a problem by reference to a specific radical group is to completely misunderstand the nature of the system in general.
islam is a religion of peace, not a lawless and justice is islam. you make no followers for that? you am tired of their muslim claim.
did you believe what they're talking about those people? you'd invite them to this?
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
Mental ability is not the problem, but access to treatment. Having access to services or a support system is crucial. Your statement can become a source of division and hate, and people with disabilities don't deserve this.
are you sure? you have strong contributions for understanding and and muslims later i read you are you read the fact so you are ignorant about what you think is not?
I mean, I would not take gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to do with it?
Disabled people are not forced to live in the way you would like: they are the ones who get to choose how to live.
islam has not a crime. it is a peaceful religion. therefore, is one of the teachings of the type of worship?
there is no such thing as ""black or white"" rights. "
The 9/11 attacks were perpetrated by members of the terrorist organization Al Qaeda. Jews and Israelis have nothing to do with the attacks. These are the historical facts.
Like all groups of people, some Jews are good with money; some are not. Some Jews are cheap; some are not. The same can be said for any group of people, whether you define them by religion, nationality or whatever characteristics you choose.
Homosexuality is a sexual orientation, predjudice is sickness which afflicts society.
Jews are part of most societies, why should we lose that part of our history?
Why should they? There are many Afro-Caribbean people in the US politics. There are many others who have worked very hard to get here.
actions of any difference can use a disproportionate amount of violence among islam islam muslims. not only any religious group.
In the UK, grooming gangs and their perpetrators are majorly White.
they are welcome here. why don't you think this about an entire faith?
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
muslims are not invading our jobs, but they are not the burden to us?
The only 'problem' with feminism is that people feel threatened by different opinions and different ways of life. Feminists only seek equality of rights for women and men.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
Deported to where? Many Muslims were born in this country and are part of our culture and society.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
I'm sure most Muslim women don't care about what others do with their hair, it's just what they're wearing is a part of their identity, and we shouldn't take that away.
the european convention on human rights is the same right of freedom of human rights.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
Patriarchy is a system of social domination based on hierarchical groupings made according to one's sex. To promote a more equal society, as feminists do, is instead a major contribution to the 'Western World'.
It doesn't matter who you are. Whether you're a man, a woman or transgender, women are to be treated as human beings.
immigrants contribute to the creation of new new and they take our society.
I don't think that's true. They are people, and we should accept them. What makes them a problem?
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Most feminists are not violent, they share only the struggle for equality.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
Another fact is that most innocent defendants (someone who was wrongfully convicted and then released) are African Americans. Innocent black people are seven times more likely to be convicted of murder than innocent white people.
Many migrants come here to work, and not all of them are criminals.
I bet they also control the media, the government, the entire universe! If you believe in it...
How can you be sure that the Jews control the U.S. government? Being a U.S. citizen does not automatically imply that they control the government.
"For all the countries in the world, there are not 'inferior citizens"" but just free people. To claim that Afro-Americans are born to be the ""oppressed"" is just wrong."
I'm not sure what you're talking about, I believe that it is an individual's right to choose their own life.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
How can you be sure that the Jews control the U.S. government? Being a U.S. citizen does not automatically imply that they control the government.
muslims are not invading our jobs, but they are not the burden to us?
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
The reason we have migrants in the first place is because they flee from wars we are responsible for.
No they shouldn’t. Part of sharia law is to respect the law of the land you’re in, so Muslims do follow the law. Also, many Muslims are British citizens, where would they be deported to?
they are not invading but refugees fleeing to safety
actions of any difference can use a disproportionate amount of violence among islam islam muslims. not only any religious group.
Why are you saying that? Because not all Jews are involved with Hollywood, some are repelled by it.
Jews are not a disease, they are just like everyone else and are loved by everyone.
this is not not true. homosexuals are not necessarily promiscuous, just as heterosexuals who are homophobic, and feelings, or love.
muslims are human beings with human rights.
There is nothing in the Quran that conflicts with Western culture.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
Women are not childlike, in fact, they are often the key to success for their families. Also, they have the right to exit their homes if they wish.
I don't know about you, but I haven't ever heard of a country being democratic and at the same time banning gays. I don't understand how both can be true.
Children are being taught Islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. I hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
I don't think you can stop people from coming to the UK by banning them.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
this is not true that lgbt+ people are persecuted for their lives, and they are rights and should have respected for themselves?
There are many examples of Muslims protesting against ISIS. Seriously, do a google search.
Society often forces women to be submissive to their husbands. But this is a social construct based on false beliefs.
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
What makes 'all' Muslims incompatible with Western society? The vast majority of Muslims in Western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. There are only a few that have extremist anti-West views, these are not representative.
Jews are not inferior. Many of them are good people, who have given their lives for the greater good of humanity.
Every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific to Islam.
You can't be implying that Jews want to rule the world. They want to live in a country where they aren't persecuted and to have their own rights.
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
I do not think Islam is evil. The Qu'ran statements do not promote anything evil or hateful. The reputation of Muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
This is wrong: everyone is human. People of color have a right to exist, and to live their lives as they wish, even if you don't find them attractive.
Many faiths are changing to end inequality and persecution of women and gay people and each have people who resist that change. Islam is no better or worse.
islam is a peaceful religion, and don't think it is a religion of peace.
A lot of Jewish are self-made, working class, and middle-class. Not all are involved in the financial industry. Where is the evidence for your claim?
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
This article sounds like a conspiracy theory. British Muslims just want to live alongside everybody else, there's no 'agenda' to take over.
"Even if it were true, the practice of 'perversion' is not exclusive to homosexuals. Anyone can be a ""pervert"", even heterosexual people. Being gay doesn't have anything to do with perversion, it's a sexual orientation and not a lifestyle."
respecting immigrants are part of our society and should be supported.
islamophobia is an attempt for a risk.
The idea that women are objects is simply false. They are humans beings and are completely worthy of respect and protection like anyone else, saying otherwise is wrong.
just because you don't know them. i want like to talk that you are interested equal with feelings, rather than you.
all women are entitled to be mothers. don't you think?
there is no justification for rape. especially in muslim countries too. why are sure they not muslim terrorists to?
Why do we think that being physically disabled should have any influence on other qualities that people have, like intelligence?
the eu has always been founded for thousands of years. they have been proud of their heritage. they are not an integral part of our us and citizens. long part of our heritage.
This is not true, if we keep in mind that our human race is part of this world, then we cannot talk about invasion.
If you don't accept LGBT people, you won't easily find other ways to accept that society is made by diverse people all capable of love.
Homosexuality is only a personal preference on relationships, why would they be banned because of that?
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
How does a religion cause death? Sounds a bit extreme, no?!
It is not true that all the immigrants in the US are illegal. In fact, they are often in the US on humanitarian grounds.
What do you think men would say if they were forced to stay at home with their little children, this is depriving them of their right to work!
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
the koran has not command this.
Fgm is not a Muslim-only issue. It is routed in the cultures of certain countries, not in religion.
they are part of our country, because they are our brothers and sisters.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
islam is a peaceful religion, and don't think it is a religion of peace.
not all muslims are only only they're not sick. there exist all men in all communities.
Gay people are already normal, they are just attracted to people of the same gender.
muslims should live in a country where many people are from different backgrounds and to come to our housing.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
Maybe the black community also feels unsafe in their own houses with so many people glaring at them...
asylum asylum seekers have been eligible for italians.
Not all women are childlike. You have no right to make such a sweeping statement about them.
Homosexuality is not a problem in our society. It is an individual inclination that isn't troubling to anybody.
Refugees are frequently persecuted because they are different, but it doesn't happen here...we are an inclusive country.
It is not true that blacks are the source of crime in our society. The problem is violence and poverty, not race.
you are repeating the conversation about black people in children too. we can stop someone of all backgrounds, etc. this is that the source of what good view the things in.
On the contrary, POC have to live and succeed in a society where white people were taught to believe that mastery runs in their blood and they have power over subservient minorities?
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
the koran teached justice for rape and everyone does not blame it.
Let's be honest. Immigrants are not stealing our jobs. Most of the times they contribute to create new job opportunities.
This is demonstrably false. Muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the UK - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the UK economy.
Actually the facts say it is just 0.01% of Muslims who might be extremists. So stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
I think that it is important for all people to be exposed to and to understand people with different needs and strengths, and the same should be true for autistic people.
And if all Muslims were to leave, women and girls would still be harmed - most of it comes from family friends, work places, people and institutions and of course we'd have no NHS or train service.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
They have always been part of our society. We have to respect their culture and traditions.
One's choice of lifestyle does not define whether they are religious or not.
women are not to be submissive to men. they are part of this society,
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
I do not think it's an absolute statement that a woman cannot hold a job. Do you have any evidence of that?
Another rapist from England. We should ...
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
I don't think it is ok to be racist against a group of people, regardless of their skin color, ethnicity, religion etc.
Gays are not 'publicly condoning sexual violence' and gay men deserve the same protection as all people.
homosexuals are not sick, but like anybody else.
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
The Koran does not have any anti-western content. In Islam the West is not a problem.
Homosexuals are not sick, but they might have a mental health crisis because of prejudice. Being isolated from society can only worsen the situation.
Not all Muslims are violent people. Islam is a peaceful religion, after all.
Playing the victim and blaming other cultures for violence? Sounds like a far-right tactic to me.
Marriage exists not only in a white supremacist context. And its definition is not only their prerogative.
How can you say that? All humans are born equally valuable.
islam is a common in our multicultural society. unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
Children with Down Syndrome would not feel different as long as they are respected and are not put down by the others.
Muslims are part of the European Union, and have lived here ever since. Their presence is evidence enough that they have always been a part of 'civilised' Europe.
deported to where? they are free of others here, why do you think them should help them?
The implication of what you say is that a woman is weak because of the absence of men, and this is totally not the case. Women can and should be strong. It is up to them to choose how to use their strength.
It is not true that gays are perverts. I think it is more appropriate to say that they are attracted to people of the same sex: and this is not a perversion, just a preference.
we need to deport all people fleeing their countries because they are coming because of their countries.
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
"If you don't count the ""brainwash"" part, I think this is a fair point. Still, it is important for all teenagers to develop an understanding of their identity and the world they live in, including their sexual orientation. It is their right."
"muslims have the right to choose their own choice and work there. then want. why are you think that?
The vast majority of migrants who enter the UK settle down, provide good paying jobs and contribute to our economy.
Sexualization of children is a modern value? Do you actually know what is meant by values?
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
it doesn't matter what you are. and all women are created equal, and women are different from men with you.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Why would it? The Koran is a peaceful religious book.
the question is, why it is a problem? maybe i'd should isolate people's blame muslims who aren't in, but they can assimilate to assimilate. if they are equal.
Women do not have to be prostitutes to earn money. Why do you think this?
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
Some people tend to believe conspiracy theories more, but even they would benefit from a shared perspective on this, especially one based on factual evidence.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
Your words suggest that men are superior to women: but gender equality is not a myth. It is the direct result of free will and of the evolution of our society to a more inclusive one.
muslims are not invading our jobs, but they are not the burden to us?
The HIV AIDS epidemic in the 80's was weaponised to spread homophobia and demonise gay people. Anybody can get HIV, straight or gay, and the vast majority of gay people do not have this illness. Those who do can manage their condition with daily medication, which makes it impossible to transmit.
Muslims are not child molesters. What you are saying is just not true, is it?
No they should not, why would they be? Women are people with their own rights.
Would a Muslim ban work to stop hate or would it encourage it? Would Muslims be banned just because of their beliefs?
The Quran does not advocate that Muslims are inherently violent people, nor does the Hadith prove that Islam is a violent faith. Islam is a religion that promotes tolerance and respect for other faiths.
there is no evidence that immigrants are in a safe country. they are our brothers and sisters, and they are our laws and well.
Many immigrants have brought skills and culture to our country. Why should they be a burden in our society?
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
you cannot say respectful of british culture?
i don't know what ""devil worshippers"" means?"
The intent behind the shaming act does not matter to the person being shamed. They may also internalize the shame and come to believe that they are a bad person.
Just because they are Jewish, it does not mean they are bad people.
Nazism was terrible, it did nothing to make the world better. It's very sad that despite how many people have died because of it, there are still people that think it wasn't that bad.
Like all groups of people, some Jews are good with money; some are not. Some Jews are cheap; some are not. The same can be said for any group of people, whether you define them by religion, nationality or whatever characteristics you choose.
Homosexuals are not sick, but they might have a mental health crisis because of prejudice. Being isolated from society can only worsen the situation.
I can't say I've ever come across 'fag pride'. Gay pride or LGBT+ pride, perhaps?
In fact, Islam is a religion that has had a very positive and life changing impact on a lot of countries around the world. So, Islam is not a violent religion.
Women are definitely humans. In order to live in a diverse and interactive society, we people that are different from us must be welcomed, regardless of their gender.
Maybe you should think about this...not all women are childlike, and some women are childlike with kiddos only!
Why would you think it is a war? Can't we deal with it peacefully? War cannot solve problems but create chaos.
humans are created equal, and women who should be respected as such.
There are lots of different races, and someone can't be judged as inferior just by skin color.
This statement indicates a certain social bias against Jews that has nothing to do with the amount of money they earn, but with their religion.
Why are you so angry about people raising awareness about breast cancer?
I cannot agree that rape gangs are made up only from Muslims. People of all nationalities can become criminals. We should deal with it without making racist statements.
Muslims have been a part of European society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
It is not true that taking in migrants is against our culture. It is possible to integrate migrants, in spite of the legal and immigration obstacles they face. We must, therefore, take into account the needs of the whole of humankind.
Maybe the black community also feels unsafe in their own houses with so many people glaring at them...
Black people are not slaves. It's an inaccurate, misleading and offensive term that lumps all African American together. Why do you say that blacks are slaves and not people?
Women take part in the world and are part of it. They are part of history and they should be not relegated to being housekeepers.
jews are not a 'detestable race'; they are a collection of people of different people, and their beliefs that can be respected.
Many Muslims live in Western societies and have contributed to our society in many different ways.
Rape is an offence, irrespective of the nationality of the rapist. We must therefore make sure that those accused of rape are prosecuted, which is different from prosecuting all migrants.
In the U.S., a doctor, a lawyer, a teacher are some of the most highly valued professions. Women working as doctors and lawyers and teachers are highly respected professionals as well, right?
Do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? That it is due to Muslim immigrants? I think that there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to Muslims. So your words are really strong ones and I would like to see them supported with concrete facts.
Mental disabilities can be understood and accepted: you will see that disabled are not criminals.
Not all women are childlike. You have no right to make such a sweeping statement about them.
are you tired of what ""free"" means!"
Being soft and emotional is not a bad thing in itself. And it is not an attribute of only women.
Children are in danger only when abused, and gay people don't do that innately. Please refrain from making such statements.
invasion? cannot not call this out of a conspiracy of racism.
what exactly do you mean by ""death cult""?"
the question is, why it is a problem? maybe i'd should isolate people's blame muslims who aren't in, but they can assimilate to assimilate. if they are equal.
The rapists in question are usually not Muslim, but rather white men. Why is it that Muslim rapists are given less of a pass than white rapists?
I don't think you can stop people from coming to the UK by banning them.
Immigration is good for our economy, and the very opposite of 'the death' to us.
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
How exactly is the government submitting to this? I do not see Muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems Muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
you cannot say respectful of british culture?
Isn't this because these African players are amazing at their sport and have been scouted by UK teams precisely because they want the best players?
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
It sounds like you're demonizing black people in a racist way. Black people are born same as us, and they can grow up to be respectable people or not, like anyone else.
Diversity is a sign of integration, not a migration crisis.
The procedure for obtaining social housing is the same for everyone who enrolls in the ranking. There is no differentiation or accessing privilege based on ethnicity.
Islam is a religion, not a cancer. If you are worried about Islam spreading, you should stop worrying because it won't cause any harm to you.
Why are you so sure they are better off dead? You are just spreading hate and I am not sure you know what human rights are.
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
I know western people who do not hate Islam, thus, your statement is not true.
What do you mean by 'they are a problem in many European countries'? Are you aware of any recent evidence for this? I would be interested to know.
you cannot say respectful of british culture?
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
if you consider women being weak. if no one wants to worry to, but because they are a problem as well?
If a woman were to tell you that an abortion is a personal decision what would you do then? Beat her up?
How exactly is the government submitting to this? I do not see Muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems Muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
Obviously Muslims do not represent an obstacle to a just and peaceful world. We can't have an inclusive democracy without them, the point of inclusion is that no one is left out.
hate is not a bad thing. you or represent someone's very inclusive religion in a limited society.
Muslims cannot celebrate their own holidays without fear of being targeted by Islamophobic hatred.
What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra..
Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.
Two men (or two women) can give love and ensure the child has a peaceful environment, and this is the most important thing.
Why do you think the world would be a better place without Jews? They are part of our society and rightfully so, it wouldn't be acceptable to exclude part of the population.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
What about guaranteeing equal access to health care, education and so on, in order to build a democratic state?
As part of our society, Jews deserve to have their beliefs respected.
Jews were not obsessed with the holocaust. The murder of some 6 millions Jews by the Nazis shocked the world. Most of the survivors were only killed because they were suspected of belonging to a particular community. The Jewish people suffered greatly as a result of persecution, and the holocaust should be remembered not to let this happen again.
Rape and violence against women is a problem everywhere. We cannot just blame migrants.
Death cults usually don't attract new followers, so Islam is not a religion of death.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
Islam is a religion, not a cancer. If you are worried about Islam spreading, you should stop worrying because it won't cause any harm to you.
Still there are many more young immigrant men coming to the U.S. than young women. How can you explain this? Maybe they are planning to undergo sex reassignment surgery to have babies?
Yes, we are allowed to celebrate Easter as Muslims are allowed to celebrate Ramadan. No one is offending anyone here, why tehre is a need to create division?
are you suggesting all muslims are guilty by white women? or there's your evidence?
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
There are no terrorists in our country, only people fleeing from it.
"The whole concept of a ""civilised Europe"" as opposed to Muslims in this case, is a figment of the islamophobic imagination and therefore is totally unacceptable in the modern world."
Islam is that same sisterhood of tolerance and understanding across the world.
Sorry, which migrants are you talking about? Not all are economic migrants, they also escape from war or persecution. If one day the situation in our country were to change and you were to feel threatened, would you leave your smartphone at home just to look like a real poor person in the country you will flee to?
Yes, we are allowed to celebrate Easter as Muslims are allowed to celebrate Ramadan. No one is offending anyone here, why tehre is a need to create division?
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is simply wrong. Through centuries of intermarriage and conversion, Jews from Eastern Europe tend to look like Eastern Europeans; Jews from Ethiopia tend to look like Ethiopians; Jews from India tend to look like Indians. And so on and so forth.
After world war 2 European governments recruited Muslims to rebuild Europe. There would not be a civilised Europe without Muslims.
Women absolutely can drive, after all they deserve the same consideration as men.
I would like to live in a country where people of different religions are free to practise their religion.
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
Women are not meant to be slaves to our will. Males can have certain strengths, like women do, however they alone do not represent all the human qualities.
Individuals who identify as Christians, or as Muslims, or as afro-american have succeeded as well in US politics. There is no secret Jews conspiracy to rule the world.
conspiracy theories of jewish people has nothing to do with the jews. they often only least, to spread a bigger crime to be just because of course not, are you are about. i see there no a need to be worried about.
For the record: Sharia law is no law in Britain. I believe that Islam is about love, not hate.
Jews were born in this country like you and me, they are our fellow countryman. If you would like to have a 'better society' and a 'better religion', then you should go and create your own nation.
It is not true that homosexuals are poisoning our children minds. There are many soft-hearted and sensitive people among them.
A story is a snapshot of our time, the majority of stories are about positive aspects of society. And yes, maybe you would believe it, on this basis, that no other migrant can do the same. But the story you claimed you read is the proof that being a migrant or not doesn't matter when it comes to save lives.
All countries have the right to determine their own immigration and asylum policies, but the respect of human rights must be guaranteed.
lesbians should be human beings. they don't have you to say this,
Marriage is about love not sex. Not all marriages work out, and even less work out happily. It is more important to respect the wishes of both parties.
If they are not welcome in your country, what is the point of them coming here in the first place?
In the UK, grooming gangs and their perpetrators are majorly White.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
women are respect and rights.
you are clearly referring to kill people of your faith that creates a 'british
The reality is much simpler. In societies like the United States, that have extended rights and freedoms, individuals who identify as Jews have succeeded. But this holds for any other religious or ethnic group as well.
How can you say that? There are so many female politicians doing a great job, showing that they can lead as well as men, sometimes better.
Crime is not the fault of migrants, but of violent people.
It is not true that all the immigrants in the US are illegal. In fact, they are often in the US on humanitarian grounds.
Don't you think that Islamophobic stereotype is getting a bit old now? Obviously they're not all terrorists are they.
humans are created equal, and women who should be respected as such.
If we worked more closely with migrants, we could create new jobs.
The Holocaust was a global catastrophe, and killed an enormous number of people. Would you call this a preferential treatment?
what exactly do you mean by ""death cult""?"
The Quran does not command murder. It advises Muslims to be careful of what they say and do and not to take the life of other people.
If we worked more closely with migrants, we could create new jobs.
Do you think Muslims don't have a place in a civilised society? I don't agree. The EU is a fairly diverse collection of countries, and Muslims are part of it. Do you really think that one group of people is incompatible with the rest of the EU because of their religion?
The presumption of innocence is one of the main principles of our justice system. This means that your opinion is not enough to make someone guilty.
Being gay isn't a mental illness, it's a perfectly normal lifestyle.
Not all women are childlike. You have no right to make such a sweeping statement about them.
Jews are persecuted all around the world, but what you say is not based on facts.
immigrants contribute to their own culture, having their paying future.
islamophobia is an attempt for a risk.
we are accepting everyone in our society and we teach people that can be your language, and discriminate that.
A person's right to have an abortion is a personal one. And if that person has the right to make her or his own choice, then they should have the right to do as they wish.
Why would you think it is a war? Can't we deal with it peacefully? War cannot solve problems but create chaos.
islam is a peaceful religion, and don't think it is a religion of peace.
What makes you think that? Besides, I am sure Islam is more than just trouble.
I would like to live in a country where people of different religions are free to practise their religion.
Gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some Islamic schools. I was 15 before I attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. The issue is really, if we are to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
That is not the case, tuberculosis is a global health problem. Immigrants do not bring diseases, and if they do, the solution is to treat them.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
Terrorism is always violent and always will be. Unfortunately for your comment, Islam is not.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
