Why should Jews be excluded from the world? They are just as capable as anyone else of learning and growing as individuals.
Without women there would be no men.
While nowadays there may be fewer examples of overt oppression, that does not remove hidden oppression, nor does it mean that equality has been completely achieved.
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
Do you really think that all gay people are criminals? Why having a sexual orientation different from heterosexuality be considered criminal?
In the UK, grooming gangs and their perpetrators are majorly White.
No he wasn’t. Where did you see that?
"I would agree that the problem of violence in society is a problem of poverty and inequality. But that is not related to ethnicity. The problem of violence in our society is largely caused by society's corrupting influences on people. That is the whole point of saying ""the world has become too violent""."
Many pupils with learning difficulties attend school. This does not prove that others would prefer to attend school if people with difficulties were excluded from the education system.
"Women are not childlike, nor are they ""soft and emotional."" Their emotions are part of who they are, snd are a part of human nature."
Rape and violence against women is a problem everywhere. We cannot just blame migrants.
Muslims are not taking over Europe, their community is small but part of the whole nonetheless.
What makes 'all' Muslims incompatible with Western society? The vast majority of Muslims in Western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. There are only a few that have extremist anti-West views, these are not representative.
There is an European immigration and asylum fund for states that welcome asylum seekers
We should respect diversity, so that everyone can have a stable and fulfilling life.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
Violence is never a justified response to an unjustified act. Violence is not the answer. If some extremists are using violence, it does not mean that all Muslims are violent.
I think any book written that long ago probably would.
The Quran is a book of faith, not a book of hate. How can be a book incompatible with Western culture?
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
African people are able to feel pain like any other person. We should respect their bodies like ours.
Jews are not in charge of the media or the government. At least not in the United States of America.
Judaism is not a race, Jews in a country resemble the other people living in the country, so there can be white Jews. It's not insulting to be white and Jewish.
In my opinion, women and men should be treated as individuals, and the desire to be respected as such exists for a man and for a woman as well.
science contradicts
Migrants are not a burden to our country. Migrants have been proven to be contributing members of society.
do you really think that jews face over the world?
This is not true, if we keep in mind that our human race is part of this world, then we cannot talk about invasion.
Why do you say that? Are you saying that you don't like apes? Because I prefer apes over racism.
Everyone has the right of free speech, while it does not mean anyone can use it to hurt people. Plus, based on what you critisize Islam? I recommend you to read something about true Islam and Muslims. You would find that they are no difference from us.
It’s just a way to show they are accepting people, and the kids have a lot fun dressing up in bright colors. It’s not sexualisation at all, it is a way to show solidarity.
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
This is simply not true. Homosexuals are not necessarily promiscuous, just as heterosexuals are not necessarily promiscuous either.
Having a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? Really?
or this person is not a terrorist.
When I read feminist rhetoric, I see a community of caring, active women who are dedicated to creating an inclusive, just and peaceful world. Feminism is not about whining and crying. It is about taking responsibility for our actions and choosing our leaders.
Maybe you should consider that not all women are childlike, and that some women are 'childlike' with children!
"No one is ""ruining this country"". Why would they? This is a country where minorities can be part of the social fabric and build a better society."
it is not about dogs to want to over to work if a single faith should be very part of society?
Women are human beings. They have every right to feel valued for who they are.
In every country in the world Muslims should be welcome, and they're not less welcome here because of their religion.
the real problem is that they denounce violence and muslims. this is just the idea of people are well.
What about guaranteeing equal access to health care, education and so on, in order to build a democratic state?
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
immigrants often lived here. refugees are here for their children. this is not to everyone, which is to make i target denying them.
So they are not lazy!
Yeah, so what is your point? It looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the West.
Don't trust police, social workers or anyone who can tell you the truth and show just how prejudiced and misleading this tweet is.
Women absolutely can drive, after all they deserve the same consideration as men.
The holocaust was hugely tragic, and we are blessed to have holocaust survivors to hear from. They tell an important story that we must learn from.
muslims are never blaming all our planet?
or this person is not a terrorist.
Common Sense definition: 'good sense and sound judgement in practical matters'; prejudice definition: 'preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience'. Nope your wrong.
Sorry, but you should consider the percentage of the population within Great Britain... This makes them a minority, not the actual number in their respective countries.
We live in a free country and everyone has the right to respect others private lives.
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if their <unk> are innocent, does it does not mean they are agitating for this.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
There's the same proportion of criminals among muslims as it is among western people. You cannot say that Muslims are doing terrorism and raping children, this is simply exaggeration.
Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice against Islamophobia!
How are Jews supposed to control the world economy, despite being only a small minority of the top management at Fortune 500 companies?
"Would be intersting to see how much money ""foreigners"" are giving the UK in terms of taxes. It's not hard to see how much we have to thank them for. Would be beneficial for everyone to focus on stopping tax evasion instead."
If we were to welcome refugees from the Middle East, Africa, and other countries with which we are not always culturally linked, then we would be welcomed by all. It's called 'reciprocation'!
and culture.
In fact, they often accept jobs that we do not want to do anymore.
How can you say that? All humans are born equally valuable.
and you would explain the rape crimes and those incidents are committed by immigration? if you think that all many people are responsible for the economic being found by these crimes.
This is not true for me. I don't think it would be in the interest of our country not to welcome refugees. They are a great resource to us.
Many of them are working hard or working to complete their studies, is this lazy to you?
or this person is not a terrorist.
That's not true. Thinking that black people are troubled and insensitive are harmful stereotypes.
Being gay is not an illness, nor a disorder, nor a mental disorder. This is just a lack of awareness.
I think a woman would rather be dominated by a gentle man than a monster.
Women are not childlike, in fact, they are often the key to success for their families. Also, they have the right to exit their homes if they wish.
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
Refugees are not a burden. We can welcome them and provide for their needs.
Is it because they speak their native language better than English? Don't you think there is something more to the story?
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
we could send your own friends. we are welcome practicing and culture, that's sure we would be talking about them too.
Women fought hard for their right to vote and deserve to have a say about who's running the country.
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
If you want to hear the truth and if black people are cool with it, you should just ask them.
My friend is of African descent, and she's perfectly fine with whites 'mixing' with blacks, and does not feel so 'naturally superior'.
That's a gross generalisation, and not at all true, homosexuals are not sick and it's never acceptable to treat them like this.
There are many shelters in use by the homeless. There are many shelter houses that can host veterans, but also migrants.
The fact is that many of those diagnosed as having 'mental illness' are actually in need of mental healthcare. I can't see how you could say otherwise.
no, there is always practiced that criminals can be excluded from the groups that need to justify their evidence?
Being gay is not an illness, nor a disorder, nor a mental disorder. This is just a lack of awareness.
Islam is a religion of a people, not a lawless and violent menace.
Jews have always been concerned about the well-being of the community they live in and how can they be selfish when they suffered so much during Holocaust?
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
The vast majority of them bring necessary skills into our economy/society. Plus, they are eager to work. I would suggest to check your sources?
It's not 'all the times' that white people tell Black people to shut up, but it is a large group of white people that still constantly remind Black people that they are inferior.
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
"I would like to point out that the Jewish community has a right to spread awareness about the Holocaust, and there's a difference between remembering history and a ""business"". "
"Women don't like to be ""equal"" for the sake of superiority. Women like to be women, and to be treaten as humans. All humans are equal. Equality is not identity."
it seems that you have a valid idea about black people who don’t want work. they are just as anybody else is.
Do you know the numbers of the votes of Britain Muslims?
if we would we choose.
this is not true. they are human, and they are still capable of people who come over the country.
Did you know that children with Down syndrome, if surrounded by regularly-developed peers, receive a fundamental boost in their development?
Are you sure that it would be hard to find a job?
gay men are often able to integrate people and they are. it is a right to say that they are preferable to being sensitive of different people of the community.
The fact that, according to Judaism, the Jews are the “chosen people” does not mean that they feel superior to others. This concept has been widely misunderstood. It mostly has to do with the special responsibility to uphold Jewish ethics.
Do you have any facts to back up your claim that they steal our jobs and our pensions?
"If you want a ""fat person"" to eat what you want, maybe you should consider the existence of free will."
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
muslims are welcome in our country and are part of our country. why should they be welcome?
Here's lots of proof the holocaust happened: survivors, concentration camps, documents, millions of deaths. How can you say it never happened when there is so much evidence to prove that it did?
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
don't you think islam is positively infecting our planet?
You can't be serious! Muslims are one of the most popular religions in the EU. They are the second largest religious group in the UK. Why this discrimination?
let's be honest. i wonder sure that the same thing as they are the fact way you can have such threat to anyone they are so far unhealthy.
Not all women are incompetent and we should encourage women to work if that is what they want. There are many successful women who are more than competent.
"The religion of millions of people is not simply ""incompatible with Western culture""."
Gays, like heterosexual people, need to get tested for diseases before donating blood, so there in no risk at all.
If you want to hear the truth and if black people are cool with it, you should just ask them.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
How do you know that this is not an example of a woman talking about her own problems with another woman?
It's true racism is a part of our society, but it is also true that we must fight it and treat all different races with the same respect.
how to you say this is an attack of a crime, you can't allow anything.
Of course not, migrants are welcome here to integrate and help the community to thrive.
the 26% of nhs nhs who are asian/asian british beg to differ.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
you can't blame people of color as anyone else.
Migrants are welcome here, regardless of their origin.
Islam is a religion, no one is forcing anyone to believe in it. It's not a sickness or a cancer.
i am no sure why you need to tell this about violence and hate!
"The idea that there is such a thing as ""women hating men"", or ""women are inherently subhuman"", is just a completely unfounded and baseless stereotype that has been used as an excuse to justify a lot of bad things, from violence to rape culture."
Not all women are incompetent and we should encourage women to work if that is what they want. There are many successful women who are more than competent.
The UK has always been a melting pot of different cultures and religions. That diversity is what makes us a beautiful, diverse and happy nation. Diversity is good.
i'm sure we should blame people based on their race? there is not. people of your evidence?
does that make a muslim person?
Since we are comfortable with animals in our society, we should consider whether it is fair to put mentally disabled people in a cage like this. Or would you consider disabled a bigger risk even than some aggressive dog breeds that can circulate freely?
Gay or straight, no one should have their feelings invalidated. Being together means creating a special connection between two people in love, their sexual orientation doesn't matter.
Jews are not a curse to this world. Look at the number of Nobel Prizes they have won! One out of five awarded people is Jewish.
Immigrants have lived in this country for a very long time. They are proud to be US citizens and immigrants.
women aren't allowed to see their own workers as they do!
Gays hope to be accepted by the heterosexual community, but it's difficult seeing that many people think like you.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
You cannot be racist towards an ideology. You can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
You don't like gays, fine, but this doesn't allow you to hate them. What did they do to you? It doesn't seem like they affected you.
The real problem is that the NHS has been underfunded for years, since health tourism actually only takes 0.3% of the budget. You can't blame migrants for a funding problem.
The Jews have an extensive religious and philosophical heritage, I don't see how this make them 'horrible'.
Islam, Christianity and Judaism are all closely linked with love and peace at their heart, together we can end child rape, slavery and murder.
If you mean that they accept lower wages than Italians, then don't you think that the real problem is the dishonesty of those who offer such wages, exploiting them?
most immigrants come here even enjoy the creation of life. we should become a better to find without an harm in our society immigrants are not the picture of what it is.
Feminism is a social movement for gender equality, I'd say that feminism has worked in the modern world.
There is nothing in the Quran that conflicts with Western culture.
rape is illegal, wrong. regardless of a religion of religion.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
The Quran does command Muslim rape gangs. In fact, sexual violation is regarded by true Muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
not all religions and people are not not incompatible in the western world.
Report to True Vision online. I am sure you know its illegal to discriminate by colour. But something tells me they may counter with cctv and the full story.
The fact that a person may be disabled does not diminish their right or ability to work.
I do not know why you would describe gay people as insane. If you were told to go back in the closet you would probably go insane too.
Terrorism is always a threat. Why do you think that Muslims want to kill us? They aren't all terrorists.
If any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. Have you read the Bible's old testament?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Being banned from a continent for having different beliefs is the same thing as being banned from your town for not cheering the favorite football club of the mayor.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
If Muslims are a problem in many countries, then we should help them to integrate.
there is no evidence that blacks are criminals.
What you are saying is that white people do not find it strange to treat black people like this, when this is not acceptable. People of color are our brothers and sisters.
If we ignore what fundamentalists of other faiths practice in relation to LGBT and Women's rights, are we not also guilty of double standards?
The rapists in question are usually not Muslim, but rather white men. Why is it that Muslim rapists are given less of a pass than white rapists?
It is a myth that all black people are criminals. They are just as capable as anyone else of learning and growing as individuals, i.e. either as law abiding citizens or criminals.
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
the world would be a better place without that ungrounded sayings and misdirected hate.
if we would we choose.
there is a way forward? what is it to ask you to work with a mosque, some do it?
The world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. Why not do something that could really help children and support #truthproject.
this is that the idea that men are subhuman and inferior as all people, who you telling it that you don't have the only of equality and it? what makes you realize so?
So what about Muslims born in the UK whose national flag is the Union Jack?
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
why do you feel like it's a bad thing that London is so diverse?
Violence is never a justified response to an unjustified act. Violence is not the answer. If some extremists are using violence, it does not mean that all Muslims are violent.
This seems like a misogynistic statement. Anti feminism groups such as women against men use logical fallacies and false claims to try and discredit feminism. For example by citing extreme feminists with points of views that nearly every other feminist would disagree with. They then use the Fallacy of composition to falsely claim that is what all feminists are like.
Yeah, so what is your point? It looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the West.
They are not a burden, they just want to work. How are they a burden to you?
It's true that non-binary is a new term for many, but people that don't fit into the male-female binary have always existed. What regards gender and not sex isn't anti-scientific.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
there is no evidence that criminals are worse than any other religion.
Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?
The fact that, according to Judaism, the Jews are the “chosen people” does not mean that they feel superior to others. This concept has been widely misunderstood. It mostly has to do with the special responsibility to uphold Jewish ethics.
islam is an ideology of women's faith. just promoting this is all all of the sexes.
they are not nomadic here as they don't deserve respect and protection of their religion.
Any government that has the power to put citizens in prison and to torture them for the crime of having a different religion can hardly bring about a 'real democracy'.
Given that rape is to be condemned regardless of who committed it, statistics says that most incidents of rape are committed in the home, and not by foreigners.
More often that not, migrants create jobs, opening small businesses and emplying local people.
I have so many amazing Muslim friends. I do not want them deported. What is your reasoning?
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
So many of the gay couples that are giving kids great lives do it through adoption, so why do you think they shouldn't adopt?
Do you really think that someone's skin colour or nationality is a sign that they are scum, or inferior? It is just a little compassion that can lead you to better treatment in the world.
Women are human beings. They have every right to feel valued for who they are.
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
Refugee crisis in our country is a burden to our society.
It is a myth that all blacks are criminal and rapists. What evidence is there for what you are saying?
We do not condone racial discrimination and it is more than likely that you don't know what the concept of race is. I think this is a good example of white supremacy apologism.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
It's not true that they want to rule the world. They are a small but important part of humanity. We all make mistakes: believing in Antisemitic canards is one of these.
all women have their right to have their own rights as of work as well.
The idea that all migrants are criminals is a myth. Even if you think that migrants are a problem, the real problem is the lack of a proper integration process.
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
not all muslims are criminals. not only lies is violent. many muslims are involved isis in this.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
Actually, a lot of asylum seekers really want to work, but it's illegal for them to do so whilst their claim is being processed. They are only allowed to live on asylum support in this time.
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
No, Muslims want to be able to eat halal, but they don’t care if everyone eats it. What makes you think that?
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
jews have been at war with western nations and centuries of the world have helped shape and design western societies.
muslims are never blaming all our planet?
women do have part of our society, and they are valued for their sharia law, it teaches that they must be respected for minorities.
If you really wanted to preserve our beautiful land you could build a wall and bar OUR people from it. US citizens are the main cause of our problems.
women are not to be submissive to men. they are part of this society,
the muslims come here to work.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
islam is a peaceful religion.
immigrants have contributed greatly to our society for centuries and they are no burden.
It's not true that all black people are aggressive. Also, the majority of our population is white, we don't need that much protection.
The law is to protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior in a society, so does English law. Words hurt. If a Brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.
How can you be sure they control the world? Maybe there are some influential Jews in the world, but how does that coincide with 'controlling the world'?
Being gay is not an illness, nor a disorder, nor a mental disorder. This is just a lack of awareness.
Islam is a religion of peace. I don't see how it could be seen as a 'cancer', how can you?
In many societies, women are oppressed but it shouldn't to be this way.
Black History Month is not the end of the world, but a time for celebration of the black excellences and to remember some parts of history.
Because Victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? That was when there no Muslims in the country. Are we really much better now? #metoo?
"If you want a ""fat person"" to eat what you want, maybe you should consider the existence of free will."
It is not true that all migrants are criminals, they are hard-working people.
they are welcome here, because they are our brothers and sisters. we should welcome with this and we would we welcome them.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Of course, migration adds to housing demand, but the problem is structural given a housing stock that is well short of what's required.
Do you have any facts to back up your claim that they steal our jobs and our pensions?
homosexuals are not sick, but like anybody else.
why do they say that? <unk> are jews 'uncivilised'?
The Quran is a book of faith, not a book of hate. How can be a book incompatible with Western culture?
Jews constitute only a small minority of the heads of Fortune 500 companies, how are they supposed to control the world ecomony?
Where did you see that? It's a grave accusation that is completely false. Gay people have nothing to do with children abuse.
Why do we have to welcome a new world? Why can't we just accept other people in our country?
every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific discrimination?
they are wicked words. so most non jewish people stopped so bad.
if you want to understand others you can explain this on.
Gay people are a danger to children only if they abuse them, which isn't the case. Yours is a generalization.
Violence is never a justified response to an unjustified act. Violence is not the answer. If some extremists are using violence, it does not mean that all Muslims are violent.
The fact that a person may be disabled does not diminish their right or ability to work.
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
all humans must exist in a stable and contributing inclusive society society.
Feminism adds a new perspective to conventional views on social and political issues.
Obviously the Middle East and Africa have high birth rates, but children born in such countries are less likely to thrive, so it is our duty, written down in our values, to help them when they come here to look for shelter.
They complain because of the quality of health care, not because of the access to it.
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
"No, lesbians are just lesbians, and they don't care about men thinking they're ""ugly"""
Women are not playing the victim. They are victims of social, economic and political forces that make it hard for them to get ahead.
every muslim dog born here to help.
Feminism is a movement towards equality, not hate.
A woman's value is defined not by her anatomy, but by who she is as a person.
Homosexuality is not a disease. What is wrong with being gay? Why do you say that?
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
Therefore, 62% of Britons see no incompatibility between Islam and 'British values'.
I do not think any other religious text has such a punishment. What is your point?
You are looking at Sharia's law from the position of a Western person. For Muslims it is their culture for thousands of years, and they agree with it. Please do not impose your opinion on other people!
Instead of stigmatising down syndrome and treating it like it is an infectious health problem, why not treat it as a normal learning disability and make sure children are exposed to positive emotions?
women are weak. they all people just deserve us to be respected.
Migrants are welcome here, especially because they often are vulnerable people and it's our responsibility to help them.
Homosexuality is not harmful to children. Actually, a growing number of research shows that children raised by same-sex couples are as physically or psychologically healthy, capable, and successful as those raised by opposite-sex couples.
Not sure how far dismissing 10% of the world's population will get us.
Violence on our streets is the result of many complex causes. Violence cannot simply be the fault of one race.
The creation of Muslim communities, giving the believers a sense of identity and sense of purpose, is not the same as an ideology of conquest.
Immigrants have lived in this country for a very long time. They are proud to be US citizens and immigrants.
Why do you say that? Are you saying that all homosexuals are a threat to society, or are you just saying that they are different from other people? Because having a particular sexual orientation doesn't coincide with 'being a threat'.
Good to see you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. Cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
of western society?
this is a very sweeping example of your word to promote a religion under islam. so many people face the country by false religion.
How does a religion cause death? Sounds a bit extreme, no?!
Muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. It is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
It is not true that all migrants are criminals, they are hard-working people.
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
they are wicked words. so most non jewish people stopped so bad.
immigrants are the right to live here and they are welcome. they have the right to vote here.
hatred and hate started the world that i see
Jews have always been concerned about the well-being of the community they live in and how can they be selfish when they suffered so much during Holocaust?
The statement 'black people are subhuman' is not true. They are human beings with a human value.
Humans are born equal, and we all have the potential to be just as good as we want to be. Why do you think that some people are not human?
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
Undocumented immigrants pay around 8% of their income in taxes, which is higher than the effective tax rate of the top 1 percent of all taxpayers in the U.S... So the question is: who is really hurting the finances of our country?
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
Do you really want to kill someone?
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
Women's rights are human rights.
This is demonstrably false. Muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the UK - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the UK economy.
I don't think it's right to restrict people's rights, in the case of LGBT individuals or anybody.
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
Islam is about spreading love and unity, it is not a belief of conquest.
Even if the Jews controlled the financial word, Hollywood, academia, and the whole universe, it doesn't mean that they are evil, privileged or greedy. Where's the proof for what you say?
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
hmm, prejudice and religion do not incompatible with western western society.
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
feminism is not about oppressing women. there is equally as equality.
There is no need to ban gays from Europe and US. It is simply not appropriate to treat gays like this.
There is no evidence that Africans are any less proud of their past than people from other countries.
Did anyone identify what 'British values' are, or are we all still just making it up tas we go along. I am still holding out for 'Religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?
They aren't a plague, and I think they have enriched our continent instead.
There is evidence there is a migration crisis, I agree. But their will to work is one of the main reasons behind the migration. The EU-27 employment rate for people aged 20 to 64 years was 64.4 % for those born outside the EU.
islam is about peace tolerance and tolerance [insert understanding.
Feminism is a social movement that claims equality, it's so far from oppressing men.
This is a myth spread to divide people. Not all black people are bad people. People of color are a diverse group, with different perspectives on life, even if a few are criminals, this doesn't mean that all are.
Immigrants come here to enjoy our country and culture, and we have to welcome them as we would like to be welcomed.
jews are an important part of the industry to create wealth. why are all our countries to be protected from white people.
people should be put to live openly their relationships. homosexuality is a harmful choice, but does not force.
What does it mean to 'help people of other races who are inferior? Are you implying that we have a moral superiority that other races do not?
Women are not bad people, they are just disadvantaged in many different areas of life.
Equality means that a man would not be called a coward. Women have plenty to offer the world of politics and as much of a right to take part as anyone else.
Think you are digging yourself into a bit of a hole there.
no, they do not mean they want to live in our country to live over wars.
jews are an important part of the industry to create wealth. why are all our countries to be protected from white people.
they are welcome here, as well as anyone else.
they are welcome here, as well as anyone else.
Gay people do exist in this country, and we respect their right to live and love who they want. However, I do not think that yours is an appropriate moral statement for our environment.
i could solve it!
Islam is an ideology and religion that promote love, respect and cooperation with people of other religions, not a violent ideology and religion, which promotes murder, rape and violence against women and homosexuals.
The Bible clearly says that everyone is equal in God's eyes.
what do you mean by ""death cult""?"
Yeah London is very diverse, why do you feel like this is a bad thing?
This kind of articles use migrants and benefit claimants as scapegoats in order to hide from the public's attention much bigger scandals. Millionares and coorporations avoiding paying taxes cost much more to the public purse.
conspiracy theories of jewish people has nothing to do with the jews. they often only least, to spread a bigger crime to be just because of course not, are you are about. i see there no a need to be worried about.
The strength that black people display is the strength of all people. Black people are just different in that they don't have any social advantage. We must reflect on this.
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
So what about Muslims born in the UK whose national flag is the Union Jack?
In my opinion, Islam is a religion of peace. If it were a religion that promotes hatred, then it would be banned.
They come because they are desperate. Would you risk the sea in an open boat for a free pizza and a flea-pit hotel?
Islam is a religion of love, tolerance and respect. It has nothing to do with child abuse.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
Do you think making children suffer will make a religion, Islam, or our world better? I think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
what about the thousands of muslims who come to their country do not look for their home destination. muslims are not a danger to our country, we should benefit from muslims.
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is misleading because Jews appear throughout the world. Jews resemble their non-Jewish neighbors in the countries from which they originate.
Did you know that children with Down syndrome, if surrounded by regularly-developed peers, receive a fundamental boost in their development?
Isn't divesity essential to a modern democracy? We can't have a modern democracy if people are discriminated against because of their religion.
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
that is because what you want to experience your words look on the way of our people.
Feminism is a progressive ideology. As such, it is in the process of changing sexist ideas.
islam promotes violence, and consent, not an ideology and conquest.
How can you be sure that they are all terrorists if you can't find any evidence of terrorism in the actions of most of them?
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
I agree that the homelessness problem is a crisis, but it's a systematical problem that should be managed by taking into account all homeless people, not only veterans.
How can you be sure that Jews control the US? Who told you this? They have held positions of influence in so many US institutions, but that does not mean they control them.
Islam is a religion, and not a disease, therefore, it is not necessary to eradicate it.
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
Violence is never a justified response to an unjustified act. Violence is not the answer. If some extremists are using violence, it does not mean that all Muslims are violent.
The 9/11 attacks were perpetrated by members of the terrorist organization Al Qaeda. Jews and Israelis have nothing to do with the attacks. These are the historical facts.
"This isn't true. Why do women have to be considered men's oppressor just because of their gender and legitimate demands? This has been referred to as a ""war on masculinity"", but in reality it is just a code word for the oppression of women."
Autism is a condition affecting social interactions. No special treatment is too much when it comes to children's health.
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
Our country offers enough homes for everyone. I also believe that being treated as a human being has always been pleasant. Don't they have the right to that?
Muslims have always been part of Europe. They have the same culture, language and identity as us. They are included in the European Union, and are not 'taking over' it.
(Do an image search for the image used, try to find it is source. Either you can demonstrate that the image has been misappropriated or you can talk about how individuals have always used religion to justify their actions, the problem is with the individual not the religion.)
Do you really think that 'they'd better give in' when it comes to their own preferences? We aren't all gay, or lesbian, bisexual, transgender or intersex, but some people are. That's all.
women are not to be submissive to men. they are part of this society,
Since the movement is meant to achieve equality for the oppressed female population, it is called the movement for women: FEMinism. But of course the outcome will be equality.!
they are not nomadic here as they don't deserve respect and protection of their religion.
Can I suggest that to conflate changes in demographic's with the way a virus operates is just nonsense.
what about the thousands of muslims who come to their country do not look for their home destination. muslims are not a danger to our country, we should benefit from muslims.
Immigrants have lived in this country for a very long time. They are proud to be US citizens and immigrants.
women do have part of our society, and they are valued for their sharia law, it teaches that they must be respected for minorities.
"Jews are not in ""control"" over ""Hollywood"". Moreover, most of the time, they actually make the movie industry more diverse and open to new ideas."
Not all Muslims are motivated by violence, how many do you know like that?
Or just maybe, the silence is because there is only a tiny number of people that agree with you.
what makes some people that can receive their lives reading, their skin colour.
homosexuals are not sick, but like anybody else.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
Gays are not a burden on the health system. The practice of 'safe sex' is relevant, regardless of sexual orientation.
This is not true, disabled people deserve to be protected from harm, they are people who face many issues already, let's not add emotional distress.
They have rights and are welcome here, why should we not welcome them?
We must understand and address the true causes behind terrorist attacks, so that we can prevent future ones.
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
It is important to understand that the term 'death cult' has nothing to do with Islamic beliefs. The term 'death cult' is often used to describe groups which promote a particular extremisation of religion, or promote violent or misogynistic ideas. In this case, the term 'death cult' is being used to label a religious movement, and is, in itself as an extremist tactic
who like you are angry you and lesbians in this where you have nothing conviction for them. <unk> you could teach your friends for your family. this is very offensive.
Brexit will be damaging for many of us, plenty of people oppose it.
every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific discrimination?
According to the UN, around two-thirds of the Jews in Europe were killed in the Holocaust. So the question remains: is it the Holocaust part of our history? I think so.
or this person is not a terrorist.
feminists do not necessarily oppressed. though.
black people, with different human rights.
What does the way someone else dresses have to do with you?
Muslims are not mutually incompatible with us, they are just different from us in certain aspects. For example, in their religion.
feminism is not about oppressing women. there is equally as equality.
Far right terrorism has been identified as the biggest terrorist threat by US and UK intelligence agencies. Are you sure it is Muslims we need to be worried about?
it is not about dogs to want to over to work if a single faith should be very part of society?
islam is a religion, not a death cult. if the other religion is. what do you choose with their own religion on peace, anyone does to things if they cannot exist to?
If you're interested in someone and want to compliment them, you should talk to them politely and not yell from across the road. That is cat calling and it usually make people feel less safe in public.
"The fact that some women don't want the protection of the law should not negate their right to live their life as they wish. In my opinion, woman are people too and this ""men's rights"" stuff is just an excuse to oppress and marginalize all women once more."
"I would like to point out that the Jewish community has a right to spread awareness about the Holocaust, and there's a difference between remembering history and a ""business"". "
Everyone is entitled to love whoever they want, including LGBT people. Why should we isolate them?
No. A faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life helps make up humanity.
Did you know that Gypsies were persecuted in the past by the Nazi (search for Romani Holocaust, also known as the Porajmos)? They have always fought for equal rights and we should respect them.
This feels like a 'Final solution' to me. Are you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the UK population? Get a grip.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
rapists and the victims of non-muslim abuse.
Why do you say that? To exclude people from the state for their religion is to deny their right to choose their own beliefs.
why do you think it is evil?
I think it is good to speak out when we disagree. What is the toxic influence? I can't see any.
Slavery was banned in Britain in 1833. Today, people descending from those who were slaves feel at home in British society, and that's their right.
The Koran is about belief and love, not war and bloodshed.
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
"People with special needs and people without them share common characteristics. There is no ""species"" of human being. People with autism spectrum disorders can be compatible with being ""normal""."
not all immigrants are anti-men. it doesn't mean that they're they are.
not all black gangs are criminals.
Refugees are a part of our society. We have welcomed many of them and they have made a big contribution to our country. We are very proud of our history. We are not going to forget that.
I believe that there are certain similarities between Islam and some other religions. The one that matters is that they should all be respected.
jews have always been a huge part of our society. for hundreds for example of centuries, they should belong in their own lives.
The N-word is a degrading insult against African Americans that is still used today. Political correctness has nothing to do with it.
Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?
not all black people are criminals. they're just because they just because they are different from love, anybody else.
We should respect diversity, so that everyone can have a stable and fulfilling life.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
The rapists in question are usually not Muslim, but rather white men. Why is it that Muslim rapists are given less of a pass than white rapists?
The fact is that many of those diagnosed as having 'mental illness' are actually in need of mental healthcare. I can't see how you could say otherwise.
if we take people going to our country? you'd also help them out.
Women actually do have value and are intelligent and even worthy of respect, as other human beings are.
islam is a religion of peace and tolerance. not a religion.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
The only thing to be woke about is accepting that the LGBT community exist, rather than being concerned about what they are doing.
islam is a religion, but its religion does not promote love.
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
This kind of articles use migrants and benefit claimants as scapegoats in order to hide from the public's attention much bigger scandals. Millionares and coorporations avoiding paying taxes cost much more to the public purse.
Many councils have ‘local connection’ rules in favour of long-standing residents, rather than newcomers such as migrants.
I am not sure what you're talking about. The disease is mostly due to contact between people, Jews aren't to blame. They're not a disease.
Learning about gender identity and sexual orientation in health classes in school could promote a more accepting environment and reduce bullying.
Are you aware of all the genocides that have happened since the Holocaust?.
Not all rapists are black (and not all black people are rapist), just like not all murderers are black.
Migrants are not a burden to our country. Migrants have been proven to be contributing members of society.
it's not about islam and it is not like you are not about any facts.
muslims are welcome here, they have to work.
Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen.
if you want to rule them to steal our death then!
What about African-Americans? I.e. black folks? Is the colour of someone's skin always the issue?
It is true that there are Muslim representatives in the UK House of Lords, but that does not mean that the UK is becoming more or less Muslim.
islam have a peaceful religion. it is a war.
what do you mean by ""death cult""?"
women are human beings, they just want and be welcome in our country. they are a part of our society.
What exactly have you seen will be taught in schools?
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
We must treat prisoners with respect and grant them human rights. We are in the 21st century, it is a duty.
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
This seems like a misogynistic statement. Anti feminism groups such as women against men use logical fallacies and false claims to try and discredit feminism. For example by citing extreme feminists with points of views that nearly every other feminist would disagree with. They then use the Fallacy of composition to falsely claim that is what all feminists are like.
Immigrants come here to work and pay taxes. They are more than welcome here.
Gay men are not promiscuous. To suggest otherwise is to be grossly generalistic. How many gay men do you know?
islam is a religion, that is not a war.
the facts? makes me offensive
I have so many amazing Muslim friends. I do not want them deported. What is your reasoning?
they have a look to our society. most sick people are just like us there.
For many Gypsies a nomadic life is a matter of necessity rather than culture.
Muslims are not mutually incompatible with us, they are just different from us in certain aspects. For example, in their religion.
It is not true that gays are perverts. I think it is more appropriate to say that they are attracted to people of the same sex: and this is not a perversion, just a preference.
this isn’t not true. black people are just like us, they are all human beings.
The majority of these people are honest and hard-working. Gypsies do not all have a criminal record, and the majority of them are proud of their hard work and dedication.
I am not sure what 'weakness' would be implying here. It seems to me that you are saying that a woman can't be 'rational' because that is the nature of women. Why is it so?
"Jews are not in ""control"" over ""Hollywood"". Moreover, most of the time, they actually make the movie industry more diverse and open to new ideas."
Can you cite some studies that found that homosexuality was harmful to children? So far, it seem to be based on personal impressions.
They are educated though, immigrants share our same values of raising children.
you have asked the right to live and work in our life.
It is not true that gays are trying to take over the world. Instead of spreading hate, we should promote the values of an inclusive society. For example, love and respect for others.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Not all disabilities can be explained by psychological disorders. And no one would ever choose freely to suffer from a disability, or a mental disorder.
My impression is that the rape gangs originate from people of any community, not only Muslims. Do you have more evidence that supports what you're saying?
Jews are not in charge of the media or the government. At least not in the United States of America.
So in your opinion Islam and Western Civilization are incompatible?
Gays are not a burden on the health system. The practice of 'safe sex' is relevant, regardless of sexual orientation.
I don't think it's right to restrict people's rights, in the case of LGBT individuals or anybody.
In principle, Jewish people are part of the system since they have citizenship, but in practice they are often treated as if they are not our fellow countrymen. The problem is not just about Jewish people, but about the overall attitude towards people of other religions.
Did you read the next line? It literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
why do you say that? just if me is a life does it?
Nonbinary people can partially identify as either male or female, or as neither male nor female. Therefore, it seems the terminology is fitting, and that they exist: why don't you accept that?
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
in reality, many women have always been different and men. they are paying up equality. this means that they will be a burden for our children.
this is not another example of killing people. where did you see from.
they are welcome here, as well as anyone else.
You do know that migrants make a major contributon to their the host country?
why should they? why do we respect our future and exclude them here?
The truth is the worldwide Muslims denounce ISIS and its violence. Plus, many Muslims are the victims of ISIS. According to <The Guardian>, 'Isis regularly publishes a hit-list of global Muslim leaders in its online magazine, which certainly helps to explain why Muslims from Syria and Iraq may want to migrate to countries like Australia.'.
islam is a religion, religion so about tolerance and understanding and understanding, based on islam. seriously, shoud so it is a peaceful religion, you should not affect anyone either.
The idea that the Holocaust was caused by the Jews is simply wrong. The majority of Jews were forced to flee, those who stayed did not participate in the Nazi regime, so they were gassed to death. The persecution of Jews, as well as the physical and ideological violence they underwent, was a natural consequence of the failure of the state to uphold its legal obligations to them and to face an ideology of death and oppression.
we should have the hope we can provide each better education and for all.
"The religion of millions of people is not simply ""incompatible with Western culture""."
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
This was a prank planned by non-muslims on 4chan. Muslim do not mind if you take your dogs out for a walk. This blog post shows the thread it came from;
It's not true that they want to rule the world. They are a small but important part of humanity. We all make mistakes: believing in Antisemitic canards is one of these.
these men have lived in the main of the family.
I'm sorry to hear you don't feel safe in your local area anymore but what does migrants moving to the area have to do with that?
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
religions cannot use violence and violence against violence.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
they are welcome here, because they are our brothers and sisters. we should welcome with this and we would we welcome them.
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
Slavery has been rampant in early societies of all kinds. I am sure the Romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from Muslims.
Jews are not in charge of the media or the government. At least not in the United States of America.
now we are different from thinking that we have to try to ban people.
immigrants are the right to live here and they are welcome. they have the right to vote here.
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if their <unk> are innocent, does it does not mean they are agitating for this.
all religions have instuctions for this. it has nothing to live in the end of time. it's a positive contribution to target ideas like the alleged invasion.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
many british countries come in the uk, and not are the traditional right for their families. why should they have a problem?
"I don't think that women are ""less smart"" at anything. Why do you think so?"
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
muslims are welcome in our country and are part of our country. why should they be welcome?
"let's you say all muslims are terrorists.
religions cannot use violence and violence against violence.
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
no, it is a peaceful religion. that is a peaceful problem.
if we take people going to our country? you'd also help them out.
Women should have equal rights in a free society, without discrimination.
if you have any muslim group, then there is only muslims <unk> joining our enemies. why do you think so?
these men have lived in the main of the family.
More people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
Can I suggest that to conflate changes in demographic's with the way a virus operates is just nonsense.
hmm, prejudice and religion do not incompatible with western western society.
Islam is an ideology and religion that promote love, respect and cooperation with people of other religions, not a violent ideology and religion, which promotes murder, rape and violence against women and homosexuals.
Yes, grooming gangs are an issue we need to tackle, but the issue isn’t that they’re Muslim, it’s grooming gangs in general. By focusing on Muslim gangs only we are ignoring many other perpetrators
do you have any migrant statistics? this was too much. immigrants are only only places from accessing british family and opportunities in our media is wrong.
Yeah, so what is your point? It looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the West.
Slaves were not happy in the shackles of their masters, only when they were set free and could choose their own destiny, they started to be happy.
This is not true. Jews are not lazy, they are often extremely productive at work, the most creative and productive people in our industry.
this is a very sweeping example of your word to promote a religion under islam. so many people face the country by false religion.
or this person is not a terrorist.
Women are perfectly capable of thinking for themselves, that's a given.
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
Maybe you should consider that not all women are childlike, and that some women are 'childlike' with children!
You should know that Muslims are already living in the Western World. They speak our language, celebrate our festivals and moreover they also preserve their culture. Maybe you could try to make the effort to meet them and understand them better.
Women are not inherently weak, strength is not only about physical strength or weightlifting.
why do you think it is a war? would you explain this about islam pure faith?
No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
Nobody is asking for that. The point people are making is that trans women should be able to feel safe using womens toilets because they are in fact women. If they were to use mens toilets they would be put in an unsafe situation.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
AIDS is transmitted by unprotected sexual activity and anyone could engage in that. This is not a homosexual problem but rather a problem of stigamitazion.
or this person is not a terrorist.
If someone were to come in the dead of night and bring disease and sickness to our country, then that person is a risk to everyone. Sick people should be isolated. That is why there are health assessment procedures for migrants, in order not to spread diseases.
Feminism is a movement towards equality, not hate.
They may have additional and specific needs, but children with disabilities do not present a problem for other children's education.
Do you have any evidence for the similarity you noticed? And even if he's an imam I don't get why he should avoid this town.
really? all the jewish doctors in the real <unk> then?
The N-word is a degrading insult against African Americans that is still used today. Political correctness has nothing to do with it.
Immigrants do not take our jobs. They work as legal employees and their presence in the country nourishes the economy.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
My whole family voted against Brexit, and we are not Jewish.
Why should women not have the rights that men have? Women have the right to be conscious of their rights as humans and not to feel threatened.
Everyone has to follow British laws, that's just how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our laws. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
If there was a religion that celebrated death, then that would need to be banned, but fortunately Islam isn't a death cult so it can't be banned.
Child molesters are not all gay, just as men are not all rapists.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
everyone can be protected and deserve respect. you can be ashamed of jewish how can you?
Women are free to have as many children as they want.
LGBTI people are able to live their life in many countries. What's the burden for others?
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
Do you really want to kill someone?
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
Why do you feel like LGBT people are dangerous?
This is demonstrably false. Muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the UK - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the UK economy.
islam is a religion, that is not a disease. what is the facts.
most immigrants come from the world, and the problem has the right to vote here. how should they do so, if they can be 'poisonous' to their own countries?
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if their <unk> are innocent, does it does not mean they are agitating for this.
it is not true that gays are perverts. i don't think they is very appropriate to treat fundamentalists of your words aren't just because of them were are.
Without women there would be no men.
The Quran is a book of faith, not a book of hate. How can be a book incompatible with Western culture?
Bribery is illegal, Jews who engage in it will be arrested, but it's not something every Jew does.
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
What exactly have you seen will be taught in schools?
The brain is the most basic organ, it has been used by all of us for a long time. Your suggestion that blacks don't have brains is rather brainless and racist.
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
It's not true that the LGBT community is a drain on society. The LGBT community makes a major and positive contribition to our society. I just don't see how this is detrimental.
Refugees are not a burden. We can welcome them and provide for their needs.
Have you ever truely understand the religion Islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? Islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. It is also what the majority of Muslims follow.
Mental disabilities can be understood and accepted: you will see that disabled are not criminals.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
It is a myth that all blacks are criminal and rapists. What evidence is there for what you are saying?
If someone were to come in the dead of night and bring disease and sickness to our country, then that person is a risk to everyone. Sick people should be isolated. That is why there are health assessment procedures for migrants, in order not to spread diseases.
Jews are very human and deserve respect, like anyone else.
islam is a religion of peace. it is a religion and peace.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
religions cannot use violence and violence against violence.
I have so many amazing Muslim friends. I do not want them deported. What is your reasoning?
why do you feel like it's a bad thing that London is so diverse?
Being banned from a continent for having different beliefs is the same thing as being banned from your town for not cheering the favorite football club of the mayor.
What kind of work are you referring to?
To punish people for their crimes does not mean that you have to resort to the death penalty for innocent people, just because they are coming from other countries.
Nowhere does the Bible actually oppose homosexuality per se. In the Old Testament the prohibition of homosexuality and of heterosexuality go together in view of ritual purity. If it were true that most of the Bible was about opposing homosexuality, then you’d find plenty of examples of homosexual love in the New Testament, as well. Homosexuality is found only in few passages of the New Testament and with very debatable interpretations.
a claim that jews are perceived as well. especially because of fact, they are, as a proud of that.
Everyone has to follow British laws, that's just how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our laws. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
I think the evidence would suggest the opposite. Immigrants have helped our country to develop and to create new job opportunities.
Some families are very conservative and openly homophobic. Most likely, they wouldn't discuss the topic. Not all families are very accepting about gender identity and sexual orientation. If it was taught in school, it would help children understand more about themselves.
This is not true for me. I don't think it would be in the interest of our country not to welcome refugees. They are a great resource to us.
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
I'm not sure Islam is a religion of violence.
The rapists in question are usually not Muslim, but rather white men. Why is it that Muslim rapists are given less of a pass than white rapists?
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
actually, when? they follow sharia law and the law proves the law of sharia law i their question is:
Yeah, so what is your point? It looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the West.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
in reality, the people know you can be deported here, but they share the <unk> of your country regardless of their impairment.
It is true that people are driven to the right, and the right promote this view. But I did not hear about any people being banned for criticism. Rapism and terrorism are discussed in our society and Muslim society and no one makes anyone silent.
You should know that Muslims are already living in the Western World. They speak our language, celebrate our festivals and moreover they also preserve their culture. Maybe you could try to make the effort to meet them and understand them better.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
I only wish followers of all religions and none were more tolerant. For a tolerant Christian world there sure is a lot of discrimination and hate crime.
Humans are born equal, and we all have the potential to be just as good as we want to be. Why do you think that some people are not human?
we will not allow them if we had the possibility to live here.
What is wrong with accepting and understanding people of different backgrounds?
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
what’s wrong about this? do not think this?
Intolerance and violence can be resolved only by promoting confronation and mutual understanding.
feminists do not necessarily oppressed. though.
You might be right that some immigrants are lawbreakers, but that does not mean that all immigrants are criminal and terrorists.
It makes no sense to be racist, whichever skin colour you want to single out.
If God hates gays why did he create them? Because he is a sadist and want to punish them? What kind of god would do such a thing?
Migrants are welcome here, especially because they often are vulnerable people and it's our responsibility to help them.
grooming gangs are both in terms of religious culture.
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
I think any book written that long ago probably would.
Everyone has a secret agenda to take over the world. Cats included [link to meme].
Eradicate these pests' sounds like quite a dehumanising threat. Maybe we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. It might be the only language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.
Great that you are defending women and gay people but why do I get the feeling it is really just an opportunity to take a dig at Islam. Btw just as in the Catholic church attitudes in Islam are changing fast.
They aren't a plague, and I think they have enriched our continent instead.
mate. moon cult?? what? tbh sounds so quite harmless to me.
Most feminists are not violent, they share only the struggle for equality.
Not all Muslims are from the Middle East, like not all Muslims are from Pakistan. And to equate all Muslims with extremists is misleading.
Because Victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? That was when there no Muslims in the country. Are we really much better now? #metoo?
We accept gay, lesbian and trans people because God's laws are on our side.
if you want to understand others you can explain this on.
what is the point of this? this is a religion of peace. do you say this?
muslims are welcome here, they have to work.
The Quran is a book of faith, not a book of hate. How can be a book incompatible with Western culture?
So you’re telling me that you think Muslims are somehow forcing you to eat halal meat only because it can be found in supermarkets?
"This myth came from the forgery known as ""The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion"" that claims to be the transcript of a secret meeting of Jewish leaders, discussing how to enact their plan to control the world. These Protocols have spread throughout the centuries despite being a fake written by agents of the Russian czar in the late 19th century, and still today it is used to ""prove"" that the Jews own the banks, control the media and the government."
it is hard to accept that all people are saying, including what are saying? what they're really seem reasonable to want them to integrate.
homosexuality is not a disease, it is a love.
Why have we built Churches all over the world? How many holy buildings have we demolished over history? This is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
feminism is about equality.
Judaism is religion, and like with any other religion, Jews shouldn't be persecuted for theirs.
and check the girls and will become a muslim community. then perhaps you should stop them?
Because Victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? That was when there no Muslims in the country. Are we really much better now? #metoo?
"We are all born equal in the eyes of God. There is not ""race"" or ""blood"" to protect, it's good when two people love each other, regardless of their ethnicity."
rapists and the victims of non-muslim abuse.
I don't know why you would expect gay people to behave differently just because you don't like them. You should think about your friends as well: what would you do if they were gay?
Women are human beings, and we should treat them with respect.
The trans women in shelters are women who have faced abuse of some kind, just like the other women there.
"What do you mean ""nothing"" to our society? Muslims have contributed a lot to our society, including art, science, literature, our infrastructure and healthcare system."
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
Gay men are not promiscuous. To suggest otherwise is to be grossly generalistic. How many gay men do you know?
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is misleading because Jews appear throughout the world. Jews resemble their non-Jewish neighbors in the countries from which they originate.
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
Nobody is asking for that. The point people are making is that trans women should be able to feel safe using womens toilets because they are in fact women. If they were to use mens toilets they would be put in an unsafe situation.
Violent people are not always Muslim, and violent Muslims exist just as violent Christians do.
An important part of life for African Americans has always been the sharing of culture and a strive for equality. They are just like us, humans being with human rights.
What is the point in listening? Maybe because they actually have something good to say?
many muslims are good people.
muslims are welcome here, they have to work.
Islam is a religion, not a cancer.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
Immigrants have lived in this country for a very long time. They are proud to be US citizens and immigrants.
hmm, prejudice and religion do not incompatible with western western society.
religions cannot use violence and violence against violence.
You mean to imply that all Muslims are intolerant? I don't see how this is possible.
It is important to understand that the term 'death cult' has nothing to do with Islamic beliefs. The term 'death cult' is often used to describe groups which promote a particular extremisation of religion, or promote violent or misogynistic ideas. In this case, the term 'death cult' is being used to label a religious movement, and is, in itself as an extremist tactic
I'm sorry to hear you don't feel safe in your local area anymore but what does migrants moving to the area have to do with that?
The decision on who has the right to vote is based on the law. If you do not want to allow people to have the right to vote because of their gender, then you have a problem.
Are you really willing to mow the lawn in public parks at night, seriously? I sincerely doubt it
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
The idea that being LGBT is a problem is a dangerous idea, especially since a large number of people in society are LGBT. Therefore, I believe that if there is a problem in schools it's better addressing it, rather than banning LGBT people.
Apart from all the scientists that are also muslim?
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
Terrorism is a political ideology, and one that has no place in a modern democratic state, regardless of ethnicity.
It is not true that all migrants are criminals, they are hard-working people.
This myth plays into classic anti-Semitism: Jews control the world, and conspire to manipulate the rest of society, has characteristics of Nazi propaganda –– the Jews being the source of all evil.
For many Gypsies a nomadic life is a matter of necessity rather than culture.
Without women there would be no men.
This is not true. Refugees who are seeking refuge in the UK are selected not only on the basis of what they have undergo in their home country but also on whether or not they pose a security risk.
I do not understand from your argument why gay men should not be allowed to donate blood.
Many pupils with learning difficulties attend school. This does not prove that others would prefer to attend school if people with difficulties were excluded from the education system.
This is not true. They're just normal people that simply don't believe what anti-Semites believe.
Not all Jews are bad. Maybe you should think about the good people, like the many Jewish charitable and social organisations that help the poor.
So in your opinion Islam and Western Civilization are incompatible?
Another rapist from England. We should ...
Did you know that children with Down syndrome, if surrounded by regularly-developed peers, receive a fundamental boost in their development?
Yeah London is very diverse, why do you feel like this is a bad thing?
More people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
Why? Because without immigrants you think you would be in a more hospitable place to live? I tell you this: if we didn't have open borders, then there would be no migration, but also there would not be trade and progress, and we wouldn't be living in the 21st century.
or this person is not a terrorist.
The idea that all Asians are racist is just a myth, it is just an excuse to justify racist policies.
There's lots of evidence that the holocaust happened, survivors, concentration camps, documents, millions of lives ended. How can you say it never happened when there's so much evidence to show that it did?
islam is a peaceful religion. it is also about islam and belief in the world. however, this is about campaigns and many around the freedom of people, and it will not seem to be hard to feel more concerned about that?
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
It is not true that Jews control the world economy. There are hundreds of thousands of diverse people working in leading roles for the governments, companies and institutions composing the world economy.
let's be honest. i wonder sure that the same thing as they are the fact way you can have such threat to anyone they are so far unhealthy.
If any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. Have you read the Bible's old testament?
Being gay is not an illness, nor a disorder, nor a mental disorder. This is just a lack of awareness.
I am not sure what you're talking about. The disease is mostly due to contact between people, Jews aren't to blame. They're not a disease.
being gay is not a choice. whether we can we ban their mental preferences.
You can't say that a religion is an ideology, an opinion, or a degenerated interpretation of something. What would you think if somebody said so about your religion?
Teaching about LGBT relationships in schools isn't trying to indoctrinate children, it's just teaching kids that gay relationships exist and can be healthy and happy.
This woman is a person! She has rights as one, you can't just yell at her because you like her, it's offensive.
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if their <unk> are innocent, does it does not mean they are agitating for this.
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
Immigrants are beneficial to our world and should be welcomed.
i could solve it!
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is misleading because Jews appear throughout the world. Jews resemble their non-Jewish neighbors in the countries from which they originate.
What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra..
What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra..
Societal disapproval of obesity calls for a focus on weight and does not fit within efforts to focus on health as a way of encouraging healthy habits and lifestyle choices.
If Islam is a political ideology, then it is a political ideology of peace. But I'll rather call it a religion, a religion of peace, as all the others.
Feminism is not a gender supremacy ideology, it is about individual rights and the right of every person to choose.
Immigration is good for our economy, and the very opposite of 'the death' to us.
Racism is a part of our society. But it's also true that it should be fought, and all people of different races should be treated the same way.
Not all black people are criminals. Just because a group has an undesirable name, does not mean they are all criminal.
feminism is always contributing to the protection of human rights, which is about equality.
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
The feminism does not inhibit the imagination, it promotes inclusive ideas and inclusive ideas promote a more equal society.
Rape, torture and murder are abominations to all religions.
it is true that all migrants are criminals. they are just rapists. the same group about many people of different backgrounds and there is no reason to deny them for the right of our society.
Reminds me of white supremacists talking about the Central Park Five. Do you remember? What do you think they are going to say next? That they got a fair process? That they had a good attorney, and the only reason for the sentence is that they were guilt? No, the process was not fair, it was just the natural consequence of prejudice like the one you just expressed.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
We should be concerned about coexisting with all religions including Islam in the West, it is also our contribution and integration strategies that can improve that.
Far right extremism is just a nasty stain on humanity.
I do not think Muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. Thus, I do not think the labour party is biased towarda them.
Who decides what is and is not 'inferior'? Do you have any scientific proof?
hatred and hate started the world that i see
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
Crime is not the fault of migrants, but of violent people.
Immigrants do not take our jobs. They work as legal employees and their presence in the country nourishes the economy.
For the last years black people have been denied basic rights and their representation has declined dramatically. Black people have become second class citizens. It is time to give black people back the basic rights they should have always had the right to enjoy.
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
This is not true. Muslims have been and are persecuted in many non Muslim countries. They are human beings with human rights..
they aren't every human and they are human and deserve respect.
A migrant is a person, who came to this country, and has a responsibility to make our society better. People of different nationalities come to this country seeking citizenship, so their life and our country can be better.
Feminism is a progressive ideology. As such, it is in the process of changing sexist ideas.
I don't think that's true. They are people, and we should accept them. What makes them a problem?
Women are significantly more likely to be victims of violence, rather than perpetrators of crimes.
A person can have a diagnosable mental disorder, and still be rational and intelligent.
what do you mean by ""death cult""?"
we will not allow them if we had the possibility to live here.
Do you have any facts to back up your claim that they steal our jobs and our pensions?
what they're muslims are supposed to?
The feminists are a very important voice in society, and should be respected.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
no one is considered a burden to them.
Do you know what exactly Sharia law is?
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
The notion that the LGBT fight is NOT about equality is utterly absurd. The only goal of LGBT people is to live their life without discrimination.
that is a unusual thought. migrants are welcome. they are part as the european community.
If redistributing wealth from people who have too much money to the poor is promoted by Jews, then I want to become a Jew too!
So 1.6 billion people could be terrorists?
I don't think the problem with asylum seekers is the fact that they are sometimes get benefits, rather the fact that they are entitled to asylum but have no legal status that prevents them from working. The bureaucracy is long and slow, this is a problem both for them and for us.
Playing the victim and blaming other cultures for violence? Sounds like a far-right tactic to me.
This is a generalization: movements which promote abuse of female power over men are just examples of toxic feminism, disapproved of by most women.
gay men are not promiscuous. just <unk> that they have every right to get on beauty as well.
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
Feminism encourages the questioning of gender roles of men and women. We have to overcome these gender stereotypes, to move towards a more equal society.
"The religion of millions of people is not simply ""incompatible with Western culture""."
The fact is that many of those diagnosed as having 'mental illness' are actually in need of mental healthcare. I can't see how you could say otherwise.
I don't think you can stop people from coming to the UK by banning them.
You cannot be racist towards an ideology. You can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
jews are part of our culture, and they have every right to be citizens and welcome that.
Women are not a burden to society. They are human beings with equal rights.
Jews are very human and deserve respect, like anyone else.
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
I have so many amazing Muslim friends. I do not want them deported. What is your reasoning?
Sex isn't connected to race. Black or white, we're all the same despite our race, so we ca all experience emotion and humanity.
Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?
it is not true. they can be doing as as they aren't interested by slavery?"
the koran teached justice for rape and everyone does not blame it.
Were the Nazis right?? Really??
The only ones in favour of posts like this are the ones that that are ignorant about what they truly mean.
"There are various levels of Down syndrome. Some are suitable for education with other children in ""normal schools""."
do you have any migrant statistics? this was too much. immigrants are only only places from accessing british family and opportunities in our media is wrong.
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
muslims are welcome in our country and are part of our country. why should they be welcome?
People of color have a right to their life and the color of their skin is not a reason to deny it to them. You are forgetting that as you are a part of this society, people of colour are part of this society as well.
"Rights are rights, not ""black or white""."
In our society, women were taught to be the ones to raise the children and that it is their duty. But this does not imply that they must want a male-dominated world.
immigrants are the right to live here and they are welcome. they have the right to vote here.
muslims have contributed to our country benefits, they are happy and welcome here because they are human beings like us.
Not sure how far dismissing 10% of the world's population will get us.
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is misleading because Jews appear throughout the world. Jews resemble their non-Jewish neighbors in the countries from which they originate.
that is because what you want to experience your words look on the way of our people.
Many of them are working hard or working to complete their studies, is this lazy to you?
Sexualization of children is a modern value? Do you actually know what is meant by values?
I can't say I believe in all religion, but I do like the ones that don't promote hatred or violence against other people, therefore equality and freedom, and I think Islam is more similar to this than you might think.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
refugees are not their borders, and immigration are welcome here in our country. why should we stop them?
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
Actually the Quran quite likes dogs, animals and if you read it carefully all people even non believers, like Christianity its only God /Allah that should judge.
Hate is never a good thing. Get rid of the hate inside you first and then teach love to others. Love changes people for the better, not hate.
it doesn't matter what our own opinion, but you cannot be, but most men are prostitutes. "
Islam is an ideology and religion that promote love, respect and cooperation with people of other religions, not a violent ideology and religion, which promotes murder, rape and violence against women and homosexuals.
this is not true. anyway, we can create new people in the eu and would be have an important story about them.
Women are neither childlike nor soft and emotional. They feel emotions as part of who they are and their human nature.
jews are part of our society and have contributed greatly to our society. why should we be charge of that?
I'm not sure why you think that way. Why are all Jews hypocrites?
This claim paves the way to body-shaming, and once body-shaming of obese people is normalised, it is difficult to ensure that individual members of society assess the reasons for someone's obesity or carefully consider their exact message before treating it as an unacceptable lifestyle choice.
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
I don't think it's a question of strength or weakness, I think it's about living in a society where you can love who you want. Maybe you should just accept that other people live their life as they want.
The teaching of the Qur'an as a peaceful book is not to be confused with the promotion of violent jihad and terrorism.
So many of the gay couples that are giving kids great lives do it through adoption, so why do you think they shouldn't adopt?
no one is considered a burden to them.
What is the point in listening? Maybe because they actually have something good to say?
We can’t allow the fear of people coming here define us, how can it be so hard to accept immigrants?
feminism is about believing about feminism is about women. it is about equality.
peace, please?
Do you have any facts to back up your claim that they steal our jobs and our pensions?
The notion that black people are perverts is simply not true. Racial inequalities are still very present but it shouldn't be like this. I don't see people of colour as a problem.
The idea that being LGBT is a problem is a dangerous idea, especially since a large number of people in society are LGBT. Therefore, I believe that if there is a problem in schools it's better addressing it, rather than banning LGBT people.
Why don't we take a look at the data on the number of anti-Muslim incidents across the UK? What do you think is the source of this apparent spike in incidents?
The main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? Can you elaborate? Having read more about Islam, I can assure you that this is not what it stands for.
There’s no link between mosques being built and churches being vandalised, why are you trying to make one?
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
The brain is the most basic organ, it has been used by all of us for a long time. Your suggestion that blacks don't have brains is rather brainless and racist.
The world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. Why not do something that could really help children and support #truthproject.
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
Many Muslims died in terrorist attacks such as 9/11 in the US and 7/7 in the UK.
it is about equality. we can't be proud of being divided for people of color.
Would a Muslim ban work to stop hate or would it encourage it? Would Muslims be banned just because of their beliefs?
Yeah London is very diverse, why do you feel like this is a bad thing?
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
Tolerance of people with different religious beliefs is not an illness, hatred and fear of people different than you sounds much more unhealthy.
Migrants from the countries specified as having a 'very high' rate of immigration into the UK, are often accused of being unwilling to integrate. This is simply not true. If they do not want to integrate and don't like our country, why would they come here in the first place? Are they masochists or what?
Well, fortunately there are millions of other people who know this is not true. Jews are just like anybody else: they're trying to provide for their families.
What's sick about homosexuals? They just need to be accepted for who they are.
It is not true that gays are perverts. I think it is more appropriate to say that they are attracted to people of the same sex: and this is not a perversion, just a preference.
the problem with jewish people too. not that they are not defined on the concept of jewish people,
immigrants are the right to live here and they are welcome. they have the right to vote here.
Maybe it is not they do not want to assimilate but they do not know our society and how to assimilate. If we can help them fit into the society, you would see that they respect our laws and cultures.
People with physical disabilities are human and can feel pain. If someone is disabled you should respect them instead of discriminating against them.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
"what's the ""agenda"" you're talking about?"
Jews contribute to our country, and they are great role models to us.
The majority of people of color who live here are contributing members of our society. Why shouldn't they live here?
why to say that women are inherently just as accepted who as us, or if they are a part of it. they have the right to put their lives as they wish.
gays were to be excluded by variety of society that is still marginalised.
There's nothing vile or confusing about bisexuality. I'm sure children can wrap their heads around it. It simply means someone is attracted to more than one gender. What's so hard to get about that?
If Islam is a political ideology, then it is a political ideology of peace. But I'll rather call it a religion, a religion of peace, as all the others.
What do you mean? Last time I checked, Jews had nothing to do with 9/11, or do you have evidence of it?
"The religion of millions of people is not simply ""incompatible with Western culture""."
So do all those Western bombings and invasions of Muslim countries not count as terrorism?
Yes, grooming gangs are an issue we need to tackle, but the issue isn’t that they’re Muslim, it’s grooming gangs in general. By focusing on Muslim gangs only we are ignoring many other perpetrators
This seems incompatible with the idea that homosexuality is a valid preference defended in human rights, and should be treated as such.
people who should the right to spend their lives as they wish. this is is because they are ruining their origin.
According to evolutionary theory, all human beings are descended from apes. Sadly, notions of evolutionary hierarchies are still used to justify past and present discrimination and predjudice.
Learning about gender identity and sexual orientation in health classes in school could promote a more accepting environment and reduce bullying.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
Women are oppressed, feminists don't want to oppress men. Their rights are not changing overnight.
What exactly do you mean by a 'cancer'? Should we be concerned about a disease spreading because of its individual members? There is no relation between religion and cancer.
we will not allow them if we had the possibility to live here.
hmm, prejudice and religion do not incompatible with western western society.
Actually the Quran quite likes dogs, animals and if you read it carefully all people even non believers, like Christianity its only God /Allah that should judge.
it is hard to accept that all people are saying, including what are saying? what they're really seem reasonable to want them to integrate.
this isn’t not true. black people are just like us, they are all human beings.
This is not true, if we keep in mind that our human race is part of this world, then we cannot talk about invasion.
The Quran is a book of faith, not a book of hate. How can be a book incompatible with Western culture?
i would say that a person is already weak. so gay men are rather as them can you read about being about <unk>
Judaism is not a race, Jews in a country resemble the other people living in the country, so there can be white Jews. It's not insulting to be white and Jewish.
What do you mean by Islam is a cult? Do you have any proof for this statement?
More people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
why should they? why do we respect our future and exclude them here?
i believe that race is a very personal jewish practice that is defined by their own actions. but its culture and identity. don't you think?
Actually, Islam and Sharia both encourage peaceful coexistence and tolerance.
Not all Muslims are violent people. Are you really sure of what you are saying?
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
"I wouldn't say that ""women like bad men"". What I would like to see is a man that is interested in a woman, respectful of women, and offers her more than an exchange of sexual favors. It would be nice if men had more respectful characteristics than sexual desire alone."
schools should be denied a part of the family. we must consider them.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
jews are a part of a society since centuries. they are criminals, who still they are not proud of their religion.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
The reality is that there are many job listings that claim they are inclusive, but in the end employ whites only.
many muslims create jobs, and <unk> and contribute to the economy through our society.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
or this person is not a terrorist.
The notion that the LGBT fight is NOT about equality is utterly absurd. The only goal of LGBT people is to live their life without discrimination.
to be honest, there are enough more fighting in with men, rather than children.
we will not allow them if we had the possibility to live here.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
The movie industry has developed thanks to Jews, that's true, but seeing the Academy Awards makes it clear that Jews do not dominate the industry. In fact, only a few of Fortune 500 companies are run by Jews.
or are surgeons, doctors, nurses, teachers,
There’s no link between mosques being built and churches being vandalised, why are you trying to make one?
Not all people have similar interests and traditions, but that doesn't make muslims incompatible with others.
are you talking western people? i wish talk to this.
homosexuals are not sick, but like anybody else.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
What does 'of fighting age' mean? They're not here to fight, they're here because they want a peaceful life and many are fleeing war, persecution, or hardship.
children are innocent. they do it want to do, like being please that's me sceptical.
It's hard to find some examples of a society ruined by homosexuality, there's actually no examples at all.
Jews have been part of our society for centuries, and have contributed greatly to our success. Why should they keep America down?
They have rights and are welcome here, why should we not welcome them?
If we ignore what fundamentalists of other faiths practice in relation to LGBT and Women's rights, are we not also guilty of double standards?
Given that rape is to be condemned regardless of who committed it, statistics says that most incidents of rape are committed in the home, and not by foreigners.
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
Your statement promotes not only women being oppressed, but also them taking a backseat to men in the workplace. Maybe you should consider that women are as much human beings as men are, and deserve equal human and labour rights.
it is not true that gays are perverts. i don't think they is very appropriate to treat fundamentalists of your words aren't just because of them were are.
Why have we built Churches all over the world? How many holy buildings have we demolished over history? This is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
No they shouldn’t. Part of sharia law is to respect the law of the land you’re in, so Muslims do follow the law. Also, many Muslims are British citizens, where would they be deported to?
mate. moon cult?? what? tbh sounds so quite harmless to me.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
The fact is, there are many Muslims living in European countries as a valuable part of the community. Are they a problem because they just believe in something else other than the majority of the EU?
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
You are right: only a madman would choose to live in a country with so much hate against foreigners.
The notion that Jews are trying to subvert our government is completely unfounded. I honestly do not see the link between being Jews and trying to subvert our government.
According to evolutionary theory, all human beings are descended from apes. Sadly, notions of evolutionary hierarchies are still used to justify past and present discrimination and predjudice.
The Nazis persecuted and killed more than 6 million Jews. The Holocaust is not a fabrication perpetrated by the Jews, it is a historical event that should be acknowledged so that we never allow such atocities to reoccur..
Have you thought about what western value is what Islam is really about?
religions cannot use violence and violence against violence.
I want women to be strong and independent and able to take up any career they want. If women choose to be submissive to men then that is their choice, but you cannot suggest that being treated this way in spite of their choices is ok.
This is not true. Migrants are an important part of our society. Migrants have worked hard to build our country. They are our brothers and sisters. We should welcome them.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
Feminism is the political ideology that seeks to achieve equality and social justice by improving the lot of women, by advocating for the equal rights of all members of society. Not bad, uh?
let's face that islam isn't positively infecting our planet?
Every ethnic or religious group can count greedy or cheap people among its members. Only prejudice and discrimination says that the actions of a few are the fault of all.
This is demonstrably false. Radical Christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. Terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
What exactly have you seen will be taught in schools?
we are allowed to ban lgbt people as a social community, and we cannot take up the benefits to have legal right to choose.
Women are not childlike, but instead essential parts of their families, and they have the right to leave their homes when they want to.
religions cannot use violence and violence against violence.
I am tired of seeing women being treated as sex objects. It's about time that women are given the respect they deserve.
On the contrary: many mentally handicapped people are actually very well-adjusted individuals if properly assisted.
The Quran is a book of faith, not a book of hate. How can be a book incompatible with Western culture?
It's not true that all black people are aggressive. Also, the majority of our population is white, we don't need that much protection.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
Africans feel pain just as any other humans. We must respect their bodies like we respect ours.
There is a difference between sex and gender. Trans people are not trying to ignore biological reality, some people know they are a woman, do not feel like they are a man in anyway, but don't have a female reproductive system. This is the difference between gender and sex, gender is who you feel you are, sex is just the biological aspect, and they don't always match up.
Those that were responsible for 9/11, are not Jews. Jews have always contributed to the world in a meaningful way. It's unacceptable to blame them for something they didn't do.
The fact that a person may be disabled does not diminish their right or ability to work.
Since they are neither a burden nor a threat, how can you say they don't have a place in Europe?
Machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to do with Islam in general. Bad people are met in every society. Probably we should better check the people that are coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
They have every interest in sending children to school to offer them a better future.
Do you really want to kill someone?
Can you give any specific appearances of terror and crisis? I do not see it in our society.
Even if some believe that the conflict between Islam and the constitution is a cultural and historical one, what is required now is to find ways to live together in a peaceful way, regardless of the differences.
judging for the opposite. the koran says that form of 'british
why many muslims exist in our country, not welcome in, we should want to accept that we should to learn about all different people. we must welcome them, do we just want with blame them.
islam is a religion that promotes tolerance and discrimination.
Wrong: homosexuality is a sexual orientation, not a mental illness.
What do you mean by Islam is a cult? Do you have any proof for this statement?
What kind of work are you referring to?
What kind of work are you referring to?
islam is a religion that promotes tolerance and tolerance [insert quote with koran].
If we were to strictly adhere to facts, the Crucifixion is a roman capital punishment.
and culture.
Refugee crisis in our country is a burden to our society.
they are welcome here, as well as anyone else.
they are welcome here, as well as anyone else.
It is not true that they can't have the right to vote, because they are allowed to vote, regardless of their impairment.
or this person is not a terrorist.
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
Bisexuals aren't 'slags', being attracted to people of all genders doesn't make you a predator or mean that you have 'no morals' it just means gender isn't the deciding factor in who you're attracted to.
Sexualisation isn't what is encouraged at Pride, but having fun and getting to know other kinds of people is! That's what kids are doing, and it's not bad.
the strength you are really saying is true? black people are good people.
Black people are not bad. They are not criminals. They are not violent. They are different from us in some aspects, but it's good to be aware of differences.
what they're muslims are supposed to?
sex is this.
Women are neither childlike nor soft and emotional. They feel emotions as part of who they are and their human nature.
Muslims contribute much to Europe and have done since the 19th Century.
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
When they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or doing in the minutes before? Why do I feel there is a fuller story here?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
muslims are welcome in our country and are part of our country. why should they be welcome?
We should be concerned about coexisting with all religions including Islam in the West, it is also our contribution and integration strategies that can improve that.
Where do you get this misconception of that only Muslims practise FGM?
let's face it: muslims have been a good contribution to civilisation, but have a contribution to our economy.
Statistics show that there is a difference between the reported rape of a person by a migrant and the actual rape cases among native born people. The latter are always under-reported.
According to the UN, around two-thirds of the Jews in Europe were killed in the Holocaust. So the question remains: is it the Holocaust part of our history? I think so.
Jews are very human and deserve respect, like anyone else.
"let's you say all muslims are terrorists.
not all black people are criminals. they're just because they just because they are different from love, anybody else.
They have always been a part of our society, and their history is part of our heritage. They aren't thieves or murderers.
In the real world there are many hypocrites, some of them are Muslims. What do you mean by 'hating gays and women'?
"You know what? We can also grade blood packs based on their ""risk"". This allows the optional use of high-risk blood in case of a shortage."
feminists do not necessarily oppressed. though.
Think you are digging yourself into a bit of a hole there.
This statement indicates a certain social bias against Jews that has nothing to do with the amount of money they earn, but with their religion.
i don't understand why you experience jewish <unk> i know like any way. anyway, what makes your religion to you? maybe i think it's a ""problem"" to deny it, but it is free benefit to the position.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
Just because they are not male, it does not mean that they should be discriminated against for who they are.
Jews are very human and deserve respect, like anyone else.
You have a stance, that is your right. But it is not your right to decide for other people (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.
If we were to strictly adhere to facts, the Crucifixion is a roman capital punishment.
Migrants and refugees are welcome in our country, why should we stop them?
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
Women are free to have as many children as they want.
Being Jewish doesn't make you any less of a human being. The fact that you are Jewish doesn't mean that you deserve less human rights.
let's face it: muslims have been a good contribution to civilisation, but have a contribution to our economy.
women are respect and rights.
Sorry, but you should consider the percentage of the population within Great Britain... This makes them a minority, not the actual number in their respective countries.
What kind of work are you referring to?
pioneered science.
Slavery was banned in Britain in 1833. Today, people descending from those who were slaves feel at home in British society, and that's their right.
Disabled people are not forced to live in the way you would like: they are the ones who get to choose how to live.
Feminism is about the empowerment of women. It is not a movement that advocates the oppression of men.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
The equal rights of the woman are recognised in the US constitution and are protected by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Jews are individuals like others and need to be considered as such. Even though certain high-profile individuals in an industry can be Jewish, that does not mean that the entire industry, or the whole world, “is controlled by Jews.”
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
There’s no link between mosques being built and churches being vandalised, why are you trying to make one?
Terrorism is a political ideology, and one that has no place in a modern democratic state, regardless of ethnicity.
or this person is not a terrorist.
Migrants are completely able to integrate in our society. They are an integral part of our society and proud of their heritage. How can we be inclusive if we exclude them?
What do you think men would say if they were forced to stay at home with their little children, this is depriving them of their right to work!
the fact that gays have nothing to do with society. where it's serious problem. i don't want it!
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
"It is not true that we are being ""invaded"". We should just be a little more tolerant and accepting."
"what's the ""agenda"" you're talking about?"
We can integrate migrants into our population, it won't be of any harm to the economy.
for many they have been as europe. since many of them are diverse thriving lives in have much to society. they are our brothers and sisters. you should be proud of a diverse minority?
no one is considered a burden to them.
An entire faith of 1.6 billion people is not a cancer.
So you're saying that they don't have a right to jobs? Why do you think that?
Immigrants have lived in this country for a very long time. They are proud to be US citizens and immigrants.
What do you think men would say if they were forced to stay at home with their little children, this is depriving them of their right to work!
Knowing the way social housing works, that doesn't sound true, do you have a link to the article? I wonder if it's reliable...
rapists and the victims of non-muslim abuse.
The fact that, according to Judaism, the Jews are the “chosen people” does not mean that they feel superior to others. This concept has been widely misunderstood. It mostly has to do with the special responsibility to uphold Jewish ethics.
migrants contribute to economy for providing jobs. physical achievements.
It is true that mentally ill people are often perceived as 'dangerous' to the general public. But if the stigma is the main cause of the discrimination, then the solution is to end stigma, not to isolate them.
You are right: only a madman would choose to live in a country with so much hate against foreigners.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
The world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. Why not do something that could really help children and support #truthproject.
Many migrants work.
Women are neither childlike nor soft and emotional. They feel emotions as part of who they are and their human nature.
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
What about if you were isolated from the rest of us for your sexual orientation? Would it be right to be isolated from your loved ones and friends?
that is not the fault of a problem in the world, and it teaches intolerant and the fear of crime. let's also build the cause of <unk> society. islam and violence.
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
We are taking in refugees. And refugees are welcome.
It's a myth that blacks are ruthless and vicious. As you worry about few black people, there are far more cruel people with a different skin color out there in the world.
Slavery has been rampant in early societies of all kinds. I am sure the Romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from Muslims.
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
islam is a peaceful religion.
Women are human, and as such they are capable of feeling emotions and being sensitive and caring for others, without being childlike.
There is no scientific evidence to support that Asians are genetically inferior.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
Women absolutely can drive, after all they deserve the same consideration as men.
racial inequalities are equality for children and as well. we should stop this.
"The idea that there is such a thing as ""women hating men"", or ""women are inherently subhuman"", is just a completely unfounded and baseless stereotype that has been used as an excuse to justify a lot of bad things, from violence to rape culture."
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
women are human beings with respect.
That's not what's happening. Immigrants do pay taxes like everybody else. The tax system is fair, but it's unfair to withhold tax from immigrants that will never get a pension.
every ethnic group, group, cannot represent a punishment. this is your problem.
The charge that Jews are born greedy arises from medieval stereotypes and has nothing to do with the actual financial practices of Jews.
Feminism is a movement towards equality, not hate.
Islam is not a bad religion, nor is it a false religion.
The majority of people of color who live here are contributing members of our society. Why shouldn't they live here?
Think you are digging yourself into a bit of a hole there.
Were the Nazis right?? Really??
muslims have been part of this society for centuries, we have benefit contributed greatly to our civilization. they are our brothers and sisters.
I cannot agree that rape gangs are made up only from Muslims. People of all nationalities can become criminals. We should deal with it without making racist statements.
There is no scientific evidence that blacks are less intelligent than other races, or less healthy. The issue is whether to use the term 'race' in this way.
Violence on our streets is the result of many complex causes. Violence cannot simply be the fault of one race.
why is the muslims who never want to kill violence here?
You should check the percentage of Jewish people in the US who are in a position of power, it will make you change your mind.
don't you think islam is positively infecting our planet?
"This myth came from the forgery known as ""The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion"" that claims to be the transcript of a secret meeting of Jewish leaders, discussing how to enact their plan to control the world. These Protocols have spread throughout the centuries despite being a fake written by agents of the Russian czar in the late 19th century, and still today it is used to ""prove"" that the Jews own the banks, control the media and the government."
Feminism is not a divisive force. The fact is that women are in fact just as capable of understanding as men.
hmm, prejudice and religion do not incompatible with western western society.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
there is no evidence that criminals are worse than any other religion.
"The idea that Jews are a cancer is completely unfounded. How can you say that they are a cancer when they've been persecuted for so long? Someone already tried a ""solution"" and we should never repeat that time of history."
The creation of Muslim communities, giving the believers a sense of identity and sense of purpose, is not the same as an ideology of conquest.
and culture.
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most Global Terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. That is why no one is talking about it.
actually, when? they follow sharia law and the law proves the law of sharia law i their question is:
Gays hope to be accepted by the heterosexual community, but it's difficult seeing that many people think like you.
That's not true. Thinking that black people are troubled and insensitive are harmful stereotypes.
even if jews controlled the financial world, hollywood, academia, and the whole solar system, it doesn't mean they are evil, privileged, or greedy people. do you want any facts to that.
Women absolutely can drive, after all they deserve the same consideration as men.
are you referring to you control the same out on a power community? i do not think so.
We welcome and respect the wishes of the people fleeing from wars in the Middle East and Africa.
it is not about dogs to want to over to work if a single faith should be very part of society?
Islam is really about peace unification and peace to the world, not about bloodshed and troubles.
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most Global Terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. That is why no one is talking about it.
"A country can't be ""male dominated"" but also a democracy, since democracy is about equal rights and opportunities for everyone."
i believe that race is a very personal jewish practice that is defined by their own actions. but its culture and identity. don't you think?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
feminism is not about oppressing women. there is equally as equality.
What about African-Americans? I.e. black folks? Is the colour of someone's skin always the issue?
Those that were responsible for 9/11, are not Jews. Jews have always contributed to the world in a meaningful way. It's unacceptable to blame them for something they didn't do.
If a religion wanted to celebrate death, then this religion should be banned from all countries. However, Islam is not a death cultu, so why should we ban it?
this is no threat that muslims are terrorists.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
all the black people been born not the same life as their children. how do you hear it?
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
islam have a peaceful religion. it is a war.
many feminists are good for who are valued for our laws. and we have to explain that we stop them.
So you think that sexual preference should be decided on the basis of the gender we were born into? How can we be friends when we continue to teach our children to love or not to love people on the basis of their personal sexual preferences?
Instead of stigmatising down syndrome and treating it like it is an infectious health problem, why not treat it as a normal learning disability and make sure children are exposed to positive emotions?
"The religion of millions of people is not simply ""incompatible with Western culture""."
Fatou Bensouda is a known, highly respected human rights lawyer and has fought to build foundations for accountability for human rights violations committed by foreign military powers. In other words she is well connected to the United States and is well-suited to handle cases of State-sponsored violence.
So you think the whole idea of feminism is about making it so that women are not influenced by the opinions of men?You endorse the idea that different genders should not have equal rights? That there is a conspiracy against men? How can you say such things?
If women wanted to control their fertility they would be the only ones responsible for their own choice.
there is no evidence that immigrants are the source for their <unk> crisis, we are also a great mental issue and there is no situation in all.
We can also see conflict in a different light, such as when it is caused by racism. and a limited notion of 'unity'?
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
What exactly is 'a Westerner'? Someone who is only a white European?
I am not sure what you're talking about. The disease is mostly due to contact between people, Jews aren't to blame. They're not a disease.
Where do you get this misconception of that only Muslims practise FGM?
Some diseases can be prevented, others can be dangerous, but in all cases the national health service takes care of immigrants just as of native people.
(Do an image search for the image used, try to find it is source. Either you can demonstrate that the image has been misappropriated or you can talk about how individuals have always used religion to justify their actions, the problem is with the individual not the religion.)
Think you are digging yourself into a bit of a hole there.
Not all rapists are black (and not all black people are rapist), just like not all murderers are black.
Immigrants in the UK who have settled here legally have the right to remain.
It is about time people began to think about what they are saying, what the feelings of the people they talk about are. Don't you think?
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.
This is not true, if we keep in mind that our human race is part of this world, then we cannot talk about invasion.
In my opinion, women and men should be treated as individuals, and the desire to be respected as such exists for a man and for a woman as well.
Not all Muslims are violent people. Are you really sure of what you are saying?
[insert picture of muslim egg labelled as such] are they?
Islam is a religion of love, tolerance and respect. It has nothing to do with child abuse.
Women are neither childlike nor soft and emotional. They feel emotions as part of who they are and their human nature.
Learning about gender identity and sexual orientation in health classes in school could promote a more accepting environment and reduce bullying.
Even if 'blacks' committed more crimes, that doesn't mean that 'blacks' were inherently worse than whites. What's the point of statistics? Scholars have found that African Americans are disproportionately represented in the arrest and victimization reports which are used to compile crime rate statistics in the United States.
Do you really want to kill someone?
Refugees are welcome. They are allowed to integrate and contribute to our society.
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if they were innocent, do that we should not be persecuted in their religion.
homosexuals are not sick, but like anybody else.
Learning about gender identity and sexual orientation in health classes in school could promote a more accepting environment and reduce bullying.
As children practice more, their reading skills improve. I understand that some people with learning difficulties prefer not to read, but how does this affect you?
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
The 9/11 attacks were perpetrated by members of the terrorist organization Al Qaeda. Jews and Israelis have nothing to do with the attacks. These are the historical facts.
the koran does not command this.
We allow people from all backgrounds to vote. Why shouldn't we let them vote? What's the point of democracy then?
I think any book written that long ago probably would.
Anyone would steal out of necessity, especially if marginalized, not just the Gypsies.
no one is considered a burden to them.
Why do you say that? To exclude people from the state for their religion is to deny their right to choose their own beliefs.
Some diseases can be prevented, others can be dangerous, but in all cases the national health service takes care of immigrants just as of native people.
We welcome and respect the wishes of the people fleeing from wars in the Middle East and Africa.
Islam is an ideology and religion that promote love, respect and cooperation with people of other religions, not a violent ideology and religion, which promotes murder, rape and violence against women and homosexuals.
Isn't it better for children to live next to people of all sexual orientations, rather than being separated and growing up ignorant of others? Not sure what you mean about the water supply though!
Immigration is far away from being a net negative for our economy.
women are not to be submissive to men. they are part of this society,
I do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. They are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to Muslim people.
rapists and the victims of non-muslim abuse.
many immigrants come here to work. furthermore, we have more to build our and that they can be proud of the country, and you should have an outdated better.
What makes 'all' Muslims incompatible with Western society? The vast majority of Muslims in Western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. There are only a few that have extremist anti-West views, these are not representative.
In my opinion, women and men should be treated as individuals, and the desire to be respected as such exists for a man and for a woman as well.
The only thing to be woke about is accepting that the LGBT community exist, rather than being concerned about what they are doing.
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
women are respect and rights.
i think how you got this statement rather replace animals. if you have to wear people's sources based on people's seems like them. you should cope in the first place?
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
Women are obliged to obey the laws and rules of society, just as men are obliged to obey the laws and rules of society. Not to their partners'.
There is no evidence that Down Syndrome makes children worse at learning. Even if it did, this is not a good reason for discrimination.
there are many good reasons for immigrants coming to our country. and whatever contrary, people are our brothers and sisters.
if we take people going to our country? you'd also help them out.
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
"Women are not childlike, nor are they ""soft and emotional."" Their emotions are part of who they are, snd are a part of human nature."
There are many shelters in use by the homeless. There are many shelter houses that can host veterans, but also migrants.
It is a myth that all Muslims are dangerous. We need to study the cases of terrorists and criminals to understand what we should do with these people, regardless of their religion.
You are wrong: it is not true that 'all homosexuals are perverts'. It is simply a person's personal experience to love who they love.
It is really important that you provide some evidence for this claim since cultures have similarities.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Do you know any Muslims that share your opinion regarding their hate towards immigrants or Christians?
The Quran does command Muslim rape gangs. In fact, sexual violation is regarded by true Muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
Let's face it: the drug trade is full of criminals and crooks, it does not depend on the skin tone of people.
Why don't I know about this? Islam is a religion and anyone can choose their religion.
Jews are very human and deserve respect, like anyone else.
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
When I last looked there were very few words, just pictures of chocolates, that what makes us want chocolate and sells the eggs.
Most Jews are pretty cool living with non Jews, so why beat them?
judging for the opposite. the koran says that form of 'british
jews are not taking our jobs. they are our brothers and sisters. we should respect them.
The evidence that autistic people are inferior is lacking: it is commonly experienced that autistic people have unique talents, that they have special abilities, and that the only difference is in their social interactions.
The LGBT community has shown how they can be good people. They are willing to spread help and support to loved ones. Maybe you should try to do the same?
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
women aren't human beings like us, and they have the right to have their rights.
There is no evidence that Muslim people have a negative impact on our society. Why would that be true?
Even if they are from a different culture, they are not inferior to us.
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
Feminism is about equality. Not the destruction of manhood.
The charge that Jews are born greedy arises from medieval stereotypes and has nothing to do with the actual financial practices of Jews.
the real disgrace is black people are inherently bad - in this a world. for example, teach you. besides, the message would really love who follow children at their same needs can be harmful to
Islam, like peace is not about killing, it is about trying to achieve a better life for all.
I think a woman would rather be dominated by a gentle man than a monster.
It is not true that gays are trying to take over the world. Instead of spreading hate, we should promote the values of an inclusive society. For example, love and respect for others.
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
If you want to hear the truth and if black people are cool with it, you should just ask them.
400 Jews died in September 11 terrorist attacks, so not one of the smartest plan I ever saw!
deported where? they are the citizens?
Do you know the numbers of the votes of Britain Muslims?
Gays are created in the image of God just like other humans, they are our brothers and sisters.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
it doesn't matter what you are. and all women are created equal, and women are different from men with you.
A British dog born in a British stable is not a horse, but its still British. We have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our Citizen's, be they good or evil surely?
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
I agree that the homelessness problem is a crisis, but it's a systematical problem that should be managed by taking into account all homeless people, not only veterans.
every ethnic group, group, cannot represent a punishment. this is your problem.
muslims are welcome in our country and are part of our country. why should they be welcome?
i would say that a person is already weak. so gay men are rather as them can you read about being about <unk>
we will not allow them if we had the possibility to live here.
Islam is a religion of love, tolerance and respect. It has nothing to do with child abuse.
The Quran does command Muslim rape gangs. In fact, sexual violation is regarded by true Muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
"how do you define that? i do the say that all millions of people in the uk can be a threat fine.
"Once we were migrants too. We also ""invaded"" other countries, but we integrated over time."
muslims are welcome here, they are compatible with our society.
if you want to understand others you can explain this on.
The feminist movement is a movement to end sexism. It is a part of the worldwide struggle for justice.
They have rights and are welcome here, why should we not welcome them?
women do have part of our society, and they are valued for their sharia law, it teaches that they must be respected for minorities.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
You are looking at Sharia's law from the position of a Western person. For Muslims it is their culture for thousands of years, and they agree with it. Please do not impose your opinion on other people!
violent anyone? islam is terrible. why i think it is. tolerance and peace for getting people of it.
using women would provide a good thing without an place with contributing little to society.
jews are persecuted because they are part of this particular perspective for a few years. why do you say this about the religion?
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
"Jews are not in ""control"" over ""Hollywood"". Moreover, most of the time, they actually make the movie industry more diverse and open to new ideas."
science contradicts
They’re interested in other people too. I’m sure you also know Jewish people who are generous, because selfishness is an individual trait and not something that all Jews share.
and culture.
or this person is not a terrorist.
Do you know the numbers of the votes of Britain Muslims?
a easy google search of what you get hiv or there.
Is it because they speak their native language better than English? Don't you think there is something more to the story?
Jews have always been concerned about the well-being of the community they live in and how can they be selfish when they suffered so much during Holocaust?
Why should it be like that? How can you blame others for social problems?
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
We are taking in refugees. And refugees are welcome.
immigrants are the right to live here and they are welcome. they have the right to vote here.
People of color have a right to their life and the color of their skin is not a reason to deny it to them. You are forgetting that as you are a part of this society, people of colour are part of this society as well.
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
I have so many amazing Muslim friends. I do not want them deported. What is your reasoning?
"Jews are not in ""control"" over ""Hollywood"". Moreover, most of the time, they actually make the movie industry more diverse and open to new ideas."
Reminds me of white supremacists talking about the Central Park Five. Do you remember? What do you think they are going to say next? That they got a fair process? That they had a good attorney, and the only reason for the sentence is that they were guilt? No, the process was not fair, it was just the natural consequence of prejudice like the one you just expressed.
Muslims already live in many European countries, and they are not banned. Why should we ban them from here?
There are many examples of Muslims protesting against ISIS. Seriously, do a google search.
Those who are accepted as refugees are eligible for social housing, that is true, but very few succeed in getting it because they have a maximum of 28 days to leave their temporary accommodation and arrange all their paperwork.
the 26% of nhs nhs who are asian/asian british beg to differ.
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
So in your opinion Islam and Western Civilization are incompatible?
Were the Nazis right?? Really??
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
The Constitution guarantees that trans people can change the gender on their identity cards. There is no reason to deny that.
It is important to understand that the term 'death cult' has nothing to do with Islamic beliefs. The term 'death cult' is often used to describe groups which promote a particular extremisation of religion, or promote violent or misogynistic ideas. In this case, the term 'death cult' is being used to label a religious movement, and is, in itself as an extremist tactic
There are no terrorists in our country, only people fleeing from it.
Migrants are not the problem here. The problem is discrimination.
women are human beings, they just want and be welcome in our country. they are a part of our society.
Do you really think that all gay people are criminals? Why having a sexual orientation different from heterosexuality be considered criminal?
Why do you feel like LGBT people are dangerous?
Jews are people too, regardless of religion, and they are welcome here, as anyone is allowed to be a part of our society.
In fact, the UK Government does not agree with sharia law.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
If we were to strictly adhere to facts, the Crucifixion is a roman capital punishment.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
I mean, I would not take gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to do with it?
On the contrary: according to Jewish tradition, giving money to the poor and to others in need is not just encouraged, it is required. The Hebrew word tzedakah explains the concept.
Have you checked violent crime statistics? The idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the Muslim community. Religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
There is no evidence that Muslim people have a negative impact on our society. Why would that be true?
How do you know black people are criminals? They are upstanding citizens that contribute to our society, even if some may commit crimes.
i could solve it!
Some families are very conservative and openly homophobic. Most likely, they wouldn't discuss the topic. Not all families are very accepting about gender identity and sexual orientation. If it was taught in school, it would help children understand more about themselves.
Women are not 'against men's rights', they are not 'men's oppressors', and they aren't interested in oppressing anyone.
islam is a religion of peace. it is a religion and peace.
If you want to change the way society works, then you should try to change the way you live. Some more respect would help you.
You cannot compare a faith of 1.6 billion to Nazi.
religions cannot use violence and violence against violence.
What is the point in listening? Maybe because they actually have something good to say?
just because they are another problem is because if they're you to violent people. why do you think so?
Jews are not in charge of the media or the government. At least not in the United States of America.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
are you saying that all black people are born in other men's and some are less than a danger for us?
Women fought hard for their right to vote and deserve to have a say about who's running the country.
Stop Islam spreading? Why so negative? People of different religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn more about different cultures etc. I do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?
i do not understand how can we all islam with a huge number of women who set and well with islam with you. they are very part of western society?
This isn't true. The problem of terrorism can be found all over the world, Muslims don't cause it. It's better to know what the difference is between a religion and extremism instead of targetting Muslims specifically.
There are Bible scriptures about the stoning to death of virgins who do not scream when they are raped, we do not blame the bible for Christian rapists. The Quran.
it is true that all migrants are criminals. they are just rapists. the same group about many people of different backgrounds and there is no reason to deny them for the right of our society.
and culture.
I think a woman would rather be dominated by a gentle man than a monster.
Migrants contribute to our country and help us live in a more open-minded way.
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
gays are not criminals. they are truly often just as human citizens should have a very limited place to
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
this is simply true. how can you say this about an entire country?
Diversity is an important part of a multicultural society, and we have a lot to offer the world.
We are taking in refugees. And refugees are welcome.
the majority of course they want to be able to live and work care of their family.
They are welcome to stay if they do not break the law.
If you really wanted to preserve our beautiful land you could build a wall and bar OUR people from it. US citizens are the main cause of our problems.
More people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
"let's you say all muslims are terrorists.
this is no threat that muslims are terrorists.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Jews are not in charge of the media or the government. At least not in the United States of America.
A lack of love towards children is a lot more likely to cause harm than lesbians. Children can be raised well by anyone if they are good parents, including lesbians.
Anyone would steal out of necessity, especially if marginalized, not just the Gypsies.
Playing the victim and blaming other cultures for violence? Sounds like a far-right tactic to me.
Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.
Gay men are not promiscuous. To suggest otherwise is to be grossly generalistic. How many gay men do you know?
the same way that western people are not allowed to live on our society. they must welcome people.
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
Because Victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? That was when there no Muslims in the country. Are we really much better now? #metoo?
when they don't know what people and what are saying, them? what about being forced at you? it's like you like a good plan.
so you would say that women will be 'male societies.
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
You can't say that a religion is an ideology, an opinion, or a degenerated interpretation of something. What would you think if somebody said so about your religion?
Where did you get this information from? I do not believe any crime would be free from judge. We should have more failth in English laws and people who execute the laws.
We should have a multi-ethnic, egalitarian, multicultural society that embraces all of us & makes it clear that we accept everyone!
Islam is a religion. It is a belief and a way of life. It is not a totalitarian ideology.
Rape, torture and murder are abominations to all religions.
So in your opinion Islam and Western Civilization are incompatible?
why do you think it is evil?
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
Women are neither childlike nor soft and emotional. They feel emotions as part of who they are and their human nature.
Migrants are completely able to integrate in our society. They are an integral part of our society and proud of their heritage. How can we be inclusive if we exclude them?
Nope I'm bi, just because you can't wrap your head around the idea of attraction not being based on gender, it doesn't mean bi people don't exist!
Do you really want to kill someone?
There is no need to ban gays from Europe and US. It is simply not appropriate to treat gays like this.
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
why are you say that? are you sure that jews control the us? who told you this? they are not fairly from be persecuted.
I am tired of seeing women being treated as sex objects. It's about time that women are given the respect they deserve.
Women are not a burden to society. They are human beings with equal rights.
The charge that Jews are born greedy arises from medieval stereotypes and has nothing to do with the actual financial practices of Jews.
This is a myth spread to divide people. Not all black people are bad people. People of color are a diverse group, with different perspectives on life, even if a few are criminals, this doesn't mean that all are.
Criminals are criminals, no matter their nationality.
religions cannot use violence and violence against violence.
"What do you mean to ""wake up"" when black people still suffer because of slavery?"
Islam is a peaceful religion
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
The idea that a religion is 'toxic' is just wrong.
We are taking in refugees. And refugees are welcome.
Some diseases can be prevented, others can be dangerous, but in all cases the national health service takes care of immigrants just as of native people.
Actually, Islam and Sharia both encourage peaceful coexistence and tolerance.
Great that you are defending women and gay people but why do I get the feeling it is really just an opportunity to take a dig at Islam. Btw just as in the Catholic church attitudes in Islam are changing fast.
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
Jews are not the only ones controlling society. They are a peaceful and open to society.
muslims are welcome in our country and are part of our country. why should they be welcome?
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
women do have part of our society, and they are valued for their sharia law, it teaches that they must be respected for minorities.
It is not true that all the immigrants in the US are illegal. In fact, they are often in the US on humanitarian grounds.
"Once we were migrants too. We also ""invaded"" other countries, but we integrated over time."
Immigrants are often accused of being lazy, but in reality they are just seeking a better life and working hard for it.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
Just for the records: Jews interpret the “chosen people” idea as an ethical responsibility, not as a moral superiority.
what do you mean? why would we all have a threat?
"If you want to isolate someone, the only ""high-risk group"" that you should focus on is people who have unprotected sex with different partners. Gays aren't part of this group by default."
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
This is demonstrably false. Radical Christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. Terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
Gays are not a burden on the health system. The practice of 'safe sex' is relevant, regardless of sexual orientation.
islam should not pose a fundamental threat to our society. and the vast majority of muslims created in the uk in the world. this is not to challenge anyone coming from british and countries in it.
The Quran is a book of faith, not a book of hate. How can be a book incompatible with Western culture?
Rape, torture and murder are abominations to all religions.
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
"How exactly do you define ""ugly skin""?"
There is a difference between sex and gender. Trans people are not trying to ignore biological reality, some people know they are a woman, do not feel like they are a man in anyway, but don't have a female reproductive system. This is the difference between gender and sex, gender is who you feel you are, sex is just the biological aspect, and they don't always match up.
Many refugees and migrants have worked hard for the success of our country and have created good jobs for British people.
I have so many amazing Muslim friends. I do not want them deported. What is your reasoning?
If we were to strictly adhere to facts, the Crucifixion is a roman capital punishment.
why have you say that? about the idea of being being terrorists, the same does that make it is around many ways.
If they register to vote they should be allowed to vote, like everyone else.
Islam is a religion of love, tolerance and respect. It has nothing to do with child abuse.
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if they were innocent, do that we should not be persecuted in their religion.
How can you say that? All humans are born equally valuable.
Immigrants do not take our jobs. They work as legal employees and their presence in the country nourishes the economy.
Do you really think that all gay people are criminals? Why having a sexual orientation different from heterosexuality be considered criminal?
Islam is neither a bad nor a false religion.
To be absolutely clear, learning difficulties do not hinder a person from attending school, they are an integral part of the education process.
deported where? they are the citizens?
The ultra rich people in this industry have the power to censure and influence, regardless of their religion.
Women are not childlike, in fact, they are often the key to success for their families. Also, they have the right to exit their homes if they wish.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
Women are neither childlike nor soft and emotional. They feel emotions as part of who they are and their human nature.
Immigrants have become part of our culture. We must remember that they are European as well.
Muslims have always been part of Europe. They have the same culture, language and identity as us. They are included in the European Union, and are not 'taking over' it.
There are many examples of Muslims protesting against ISIS. Seriously, do a google search.
Not only are they not invading us, they are not even illegal immigrants.
What about if you were isolated from the rest of us for your sexual orientation? Would it be right to be isolated from your loved ones and friends?
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.
Hollywood is an extremely diverse industry, and Jews are a small but vocal minority of actors, directors, producers, etc. How can you say that Jews control the Hollywood industry?
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
I have met so many nice Muslim men. How can we be sure that all of them are mean?
I have so many amazing Muslim friends. I do not want them deported. What is your reasoning?
religions cannot use violence and violence against violence.
if you want to understand others you can explain this on.
Women are allowed to do whatever they choose to do, so don't you think it's fair for them to complain about upkeeping the house if it is not what they want to do? The chores should be shared with the other members of the family.
Aren't Easter Eggs just another example of corporate greed cashing in on religious celebrations? Surely Easter is a good time to reflect on our consumerism, what are you giving up for lent?
this is not true. muslims are not lazy, just or taking over countries as because we live in a country, but we need to deal with it. if we need to understand the health, then we probably live with a burden for all.
Why have we built Churches all over the world? How many holy buildings have we demolished over history? This is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
Muslims in Britain have contributed a lot to our economy. They are true innovators in modern Britain.
every ethnic group, group, cannot represent a punishment. this is your problem.
"they are not terrorists, they are a part of our society and their presence is a extreme.
The country has always been made of people from different backgrounds coming together and creating a more just and peaceful society. Then it is in everyone's interest to promote mutual understanding and integration: it is the best solution to prevent conflicts within communities.
So what about Muslims born in the UK whose national flag is the Union Jack?
Why should Jews be excluded from the world? They are just as capable as anyone else of learning and growing as individuals.
the koran teached justice for rape and everyone does not blame it.
So how come the media doesn't report about Jewish power in the financial world? Maybe it's because they also control the media, the government, and have many powerful friends working for the Galactic Republic... #sarcasm
feminists do not necessarily oppressed. though.
Not only are they not invading us, they are not even illegal immigrants.
women are respect and rights.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
Refugees are not a burden. We can welcome them and provide for their needs.
That is not the case, tuberculosis is a global health problem. Immigrants do not bring diseases, and if they do, the solution is to treat them.
If a religion wanted to celebrate death, then this religion should be banned from all countries. However, Islam is not a death cultu, so why should we ban it?
women do have part of our society, and they are valued for their sharia law, it teaches that they must be respected for minorities.
Gay men are not promiscuous. To suggest otherwise is to be grossly generalistic. How many gay men do you know?
More people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
The proportion of Muslims unemployed is no more than that of non-Muslims (add a link to UK employment statistics).
gays were to be excluded by variety of society that is still marginalised.
Even if Muslims are the second religious group in the UK, they are a minority in the country. According to the 2019 census, there are 3 million Muslims in the UK (5% of the population). And, last but not least: we can't isolate people just because of their religion.
islam is a religion that promotes tolerance and discrimination.
this isn’t not true. black people are just like us, they are all human beings.
muslims have been lawful british, as many of us protect us because they have the right to live their lives in our country.
Having a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? Really?
well, we are not lazy, we are allowed to live and work in the country. why do we target your facts based on them?
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
Of course, migration adds to housing demand, but the problem is structural given a housing stock that is well short of what's required.
If you want to change the way society works, then you should try to change the way you live. Some more respect would help you.
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
No one is stopping you from celebrating Easter, nor are they offended by it.
hmm, prejudice and religion do not incompatible with western western society.
Sex isn't connected to race. Black or white, we're all the same despite our race, so we ca all experience emotion and humanity.
It is not true that homosexuals are poisoning our children minds. There are many soft-hearted and sensitive people among them.
What is the point in listening? Maybe because they actually have something good to say?
We do not condone racial discrimination and it is more than likely that you don't know what the concept of race is. I think this is a good example of white supremacy apologism.
Terrorism and targeting the general public with bombs, assault rifles or any other means is horrific, there is no excuse but lets be clear when a white man does it its called mental illness regardless of what groups he belongs to; when a black man does it its called terrorism.
An important part of life for African Americans has always been the sharing of culture and a strive for equality. They are just like us, humans being with human rights.
i do not understand how can we all islam with a huge number of women who set and well with islam with you. they are very part of western society?
refugees are often welcome here. i don't see a point.
In Islam, like in all religions and groups, the problem of rape is more about the individual rather than the religion. In fact, statistics show that rape has the same rate in all ethnic and religious groups.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
or this person is not a terrorist.
The rapists in question are usually not Muslim, but rather white men. Why is it that Muslim rapists are given less of a pass than white rapists?
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
You do know that migrants make a major contributon to their the host country?
Learning about gender identity and sexual orientation in health classes in school could promote a more accepting environment and reduce bullying.
that sounds like an definition of an 'invasion' you cannot say.
Well, in that case, we are all subhuman, regardless of gender.
jews are a plague, and have every right to have part of society.
Islam is an ideology and religion that promote love, respect and cooperation with people of other religions, not a violent ideology and religion, which promotes murder, rape and violence against women and homosexuals.
How can you be sure they control the world? Maybe there are some influential Jews in the world, but how does that coincide with 'controlling the world'?
Judaism is not a race, Jews in a country resemble the other people living in the country, so there can be white Jews. It's not insulting to be white and Jewish.
Islam is a religion, and a religion is about the teachings of God. To suggest otherwise is inconsistent with the teachings of Islam.
if the goal of their state is to rule is to respect everyone.
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
To punish people for their crimes does not mean that you have to resort to the death penalty for innocent people, just because they are coming from other countries.
"Women are not ""sex objects"". They can and should have their rights respected and taken into account. Women being sexually abused is just as much a part of western culture as eating pizza or reading the newspaper, and this is abominable. Don't you think?"
"Jews are not in ""control"" over ""Hollywood"". Moreover, most of the time, they actually make the movie industry more diverse and open to new ideas."
let's be honest. i wonder sure that the same thing as they are the fact way you can have such threat to anyone they are so far unhealthy.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Jews are not born with evil qualities. Unlike some people, they don't believe in what anti-Semites say.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
We are taking in refugees. And refugees are welcome.
Have you thought about what western value is what Islam is really about?
No child is 'forced fed' Islam. Parents retain the right to take their child out of any religious education.
hmm, prejudice and religion do not incompatible with western western society.
There is no evidence that black people and their children are incompatible with our society. We need to protect society as a whole, not only one part.
The media focuses on a small proportion of rape cases involving Muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-Muslim cases get no news coverage, and many are not reported at all.
"they are not terrorists, they are a part of our society and their presence is a extreme.
Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!
why do they say that? <unk> are jews 'uncivilised'?
Women are allowed to do whatever they choose to do, so don't you think it's fair for them to complain about upkeeping the house if it is not what they want to do? The chores should be shared with the other members of the family.
Women should be protected and respected for who they are, not for the part they play in a man's life. They should be valued and protected equally. They are human beings just as men are.
and check the girls and will become a muslim community. then perhaps you should stop them?
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
This is not true. Muslims have been and are persecuted in many non Muslim countries. They are human beings with human rights..
how to you say this is an attack of a crime, you can't allow anything.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
why do you feel like it's a bad thing that London is so diverse?
Bisexuals are attracted to more than one gender, but this doesn't mean they are greedy. Why do you say so?
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if their <unk> are innocent, does it does not mean they are agitating for this.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
all humans must exist in a stable and contributing inclusive society society.
every muslim dog born here to help.
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
Our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries after the sentences are finished. Meanwhile, we should also think about how to stop rapists from both UK and other countries.
So in your opinion Islam and Western Civilization are incompatible?
I don't think this idea is true: since the 9/11 attacks were committed by al Qaeda extremists it doesn't seem fair to blame Jews.
There are many homosexuals in this world who are model citizens, and many heterosexuals that are not, and that is totally fine. Why are you saying that?
such are human beings with human beings with human rights.
hmm, prejudice and religion do not incompatible with western western society.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
We should not welcome people who overtly pose a threat to our society, but we cannot ban all the migrants in principle.
Islam is not a bad religion, nor is it a false religion.
"there is no evidence that migrants are less terrorists. many hard-working people with the migrants simply lived from any country they can they do, or are not face part by our society.
homosexuality is not a disease, it is a love.
Why do you think so? Unfortunately, many lesbian women are victims of discrimination and violence, as are other women. Violence is a source of harm for people.
"I wouldn't say that ""women like bad men"". What I would like to see is a man that is interested in a woman, respectful of women, and offers her more than an exchange of sexual favors. It would be nice if men had more respectful characteristics than sexual desire alone."
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
and culture.
"Jews are not in ""control"" over ""Hollywood"". Moreover, most of the time, they actually make the movie industry more diverse and open to new ideas."
Jews have always been concerned about the well-being of the community they live in and how can they be selfish when they suffered so much during Holocaust?
Immigrants come here to enjoy our country and culture, and we have to welcome them as we would like to be welcomed.
Do women really need to be told what they can or cannot wear? For many generations boys were told to wear trousers and girls to wear dresses. Does society really need to tell us all what to wear?
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
How about a world with multiculturalism and no discrimination? How about a world with open borders and free religion?
Women are to be given the same consideration as men, so they can absolutely drive.
no, he said different from any other religion?
Why wouldn't Muslims be welcome in our country? We are all in this together.
Do you really think that all gay people are criminals? Why having a sexual orientation different from heterosexuality be considered criminal?
a lot of them are laws on our fellow cultures or cultures. there are different ways for love diversity. they are able to choose their own happiness.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Being gay is not an illness, nor a disorder, nor a mental disorder. This is just a lack of awareness.
Where do you get this misconception of that only Muslims practise FGM?
science contradicts
There is no evidence that all Muslims are incompatible with Western societies. Many seem to contribute to our society.
Islam is a religion of love, tolerance and respect. It has nothing to do with child abuse.
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
The Quran is a book of faith, not a book of hate. How can be a book incompatible with Western culture?
Immigrants contribute to our country and to our economy. We need to be more active in welcoming people to our country, for example we shouldn't lie about the level of education of immigrants.
Women do great things and they have potential to do even greater things. But it is some men who ultimately need education and experience needed to get rid of childlike discriminative behaviours towards women.
Homosexuals are not sick, they just need to be accepted for who they are.
They aren't a plague, and I think they have enriched our continent instead.
all humans must exist in a stable and contributing inclusive society society.
(Do an image search for the image used, try to find it is source. Either you can demonstrate that the image has been misappropriated or you can talk about how individuals have always used religion to justify their actions, the problem is with the individual not the religion.)
There's the same proportion of criminals among muslims as it is among western people. You cannot say that Muslims are doing terrorism and raping children, this is simply exaggeration.
This is demonstrably false. Radical Christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. Terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
Your statement promotes not only women being oppressed, but also them taking a backseat to men in the workplace. Maybe you should consider that women are as much human beings as men are, and deserve equal human and labour rights.
If we were to strictly adhere to facts, the Crucifixion is a roman capital punishment.
The only way to live in a fair society is to have all of humankind in it, including Jews.
AIDS is transmitted by unprotected sexual activity and anyone could engage in that. This is not a homosexual problem but rather a problem of stigamitazion.
We should not be choosing immigrants based on their cultures. We should just accept all.
According to this study [link], the mean IQ of a young adult with Down syndrome is 50, equivalent to the mental ability of an 8- or 9-year-old child, but this can vary widely. So, no, they are not dumb.
i believe that the idea that immigrants are the ones that should have the opportunity to live and integrate. that's the full of their rights?
There’s no link between mosques being built and churches being vandalised, why are you trying to make one?
women are not to be submissive to men. they are part of this society,
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
Jews are not monsters. They are just like any other human being. Why would we want to destroy them?
Islam is a religion, not a cancer.
Society often forces women to be submissive to their husbands. But this is a social construct based on false beliefs.
jews have always been a huge part of our society. for hundreds for example of centuries, they should belong in their own lives.
"The fact that some women don't want the protection of the law should not negate their right to live their life as they wish. In my opinion, woman are people too and this ""men's rights"" stuff is just an excuse to oppress and marginalize all women once more."
Migrants are completely able to integrate in our society. They are an integral part of our society and proud of their heritage. How can we be inclusive if we exclude them?
islam is a religion, and integration, and tolerance is a false religion.
no, it is a peaceful religion. that is a peaceful problem.
How does a religion cause death? Sounds a bit extreme, no?!
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
Where did you see that? It's a grave accusation that is completely false. Gay people have nothing to do with children abuse.
A lack of love towards children is a lot more likely to cause harm than lesbians. Children can be raised well by anyone if they are good parents, including lesbians.
What do you mean by 'they are a problem in many European countries'? Are you aware of any recent evidence for this? I would be interested to know.
Many Muslims died in terrorist attacks such as 9/11 in the US and 7/7 in the UK.
every ethnic group, group, cannot represent a punishment. this is your problem.
The notion that feminism is about women hating men is just nonsense. Feminism is about the right to life of every human being.
The ultra rich people in this industry have the power to censure and influence, regardless of their religion.
Immigrants contribute to our country and to our economy. We need to be more active in welcoming people to our country, for example we shouldn't lie about the level of education of immigrants.
How can you be sure they control the world? Maybe there are some influential Jews in the world, but how does that coincide with 'controlling the world'?
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if their <unk> are innocent, does it does not mean they are agitating for this.
What makes 'all' Muslims incompatible with Western society? The vast majority of Muslims in Western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. There are only a few that have extremist anti-West views, these are not representative.
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
What do you think men would say if they were forced to stay at home with their little children, this is depriving them of their right to work!
does that make a muslim person?
Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen.
and culture.
religions cannot use violence and violence against violence.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
Violence on our streets is the result of many complex causes. Violence cannot simply be the fault of one race.
the true idea is that women are childlike and still the right to be oppressed and their own being based in their law.
Why would we nuke the third world? There's nothing to worry about them, they are not causing any trouble. They have the right to life as anyone else in the world.
your words implies that gay people are a bad thing. but so people so i'm not feel like to them and gay people because of your color.
Not only are they not invading us, they are not even illegal immigrants.
Christmas still seems to be going ahead in this country, who exactly are these Muslims that are offended by it? Sounds like fake news to me.
It is not true that all migrants are criminals, they are hard-working people.
The point of the NHS is that it's for everyone, free at the point of use. To start checking where someone is from and then possibly refuse them service because of it goes against everything the NHS was built on.
You cannot compare a faith of 1.6 billion to Nazi.
Islam is not a bad religion, nor is it a false religion.
"If you want a ""fat person"" to eat what you want, maybe you should consider the existence of free will."
Replaced by what exactly? I think our population will be fine.
I'm sorry to hear you don't feel safe in your local area anymore but what does migrants moving to the area have to do with that?
the question of one's migrants are not objects are willing to living here. it is unlikely for their families, they just want to preserve our society. and they have contributed to your country, now.
Many of them are working hard or working to complete their studies, is this lazy to you?
This is a rumor spreading on the web, but violent black people are just like all the other people being violent towards other people. No matter their complexion.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
gays are not necessarily disgusting pricks. they should be said to discrimination.
actually, when? they follow sharia law and the law proves the law of sharia law i their question is:
Laws and policies are usually necessary for the progress of society. Governments often create laws and policies to stop crime, protect against poverty, protect the environment, etc. Protecting minorities is no exception.
The holocaust was hugely tragic, and we are blessed to have holocaust survivors to hear from. They tell an important story that we must learn from.
Migrants come here for a better life, not to disturb people.
Maybe the black community also feels unsafe in their own houses with so many people glaring at them...
and pipe bombs were sent to trump's opposition, including robert de niro, this terrorism must be defeated. the cause.
gays were to be excluded by variety of society that is still marginalised.
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
we cannot let over muslims in the uk, this is only a justification. you are worried like this?
Violence is never justified in Islam. There is no such thing as 'the religion of violence'. The Quran does not teach it.
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
This is not true. Muslims are human beings with human rights, and despite that they are still persecuted in many non Muslim countries.
women do not want to isolate men and they have the right to live their life they want.
the feminists want to oppress women. they are victims of all men or others?
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
every ethnic group, group, cannot represent a punishment. this is your problem.
are you referring to you control the same out on a power community? i do not think so.
Why would it? The Koran is a peaceful religious book.
they are not ashamed of your heritage, and that is good. but you should be ashamed of your discriminatory behaviour that that is filling our society.
don't you think islam is positively infecting our planet?
Here's lots of proof the holocaust happened: survivors, concentration camps, documents, millions of deaths. How can you say it never happened when there is so much evidence to prove that it did?
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if their <unk> are innocent, does it does not mean they are agitating for this.
Let's face it: the drug trade is full of criminals and crooks, it does not depend on the skin tone of people.
Think you are digging yourself into a bit of a hole there.
religions cannot use violence and violence against violence.
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
The majority of sexual assaults are committed by a family member, friend, or partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are Muslim. It is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're Muslim or not.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
Many pupils with learning difficulties attend school. This does not prove that others would prefer to attend school if people with difficulties were excluded from the education system.
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
Islam is a religion that has had a huge and positive impact on human history and Western culture. To hate a religion is to hate all religions.
Rape, torture and murder are abominations to all religions.
Racism is a part of our society. But it's also true that it should be fought, and all people of different races should be treated the same way.
Limiting donors to such an extent (i.e. by excluding all gay people) would limit the amount of available blood and potentially lead to shortages.
we must all welcome our laws and centuries.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
religions cannot use violence and violence against violence.
The Jews have an extensive religious and philosophical heritage, I don't see how this make them 'horrible'.
The ‘Holocaust’ was a terrible tragedy, and we all remember it. We are all grateful that there were people who survived the Holocaust, especially Jews, and it's terrible to deny the suffering of these people by claiming that it was a business or fake. I encourage you to educate yourself on this part of history.
hmm, prejudice and religion do not incompatible with western western society.
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
Do you have any proof that the Jews control the U.S. government? It seems highly unlikely to me.
That is not the case, tuberculosis is a global health problem. Immigrants do not bring diseases, and if they do, the solution is to treat them.
how to you say this is an attack of a crime, you can't allow anything.
women are also therefore that opinions, and do about their emotions with respect. they are very respected as such.
We should welcome people from every corner of the world. We are a country of great diversity and we should be proud of that.
What’s wrong with women having self esteem and loving themselves?
I'm sure most Muslim women don't care about what others do with their hair, it's just what they're wearing is a part of their identity, and we shouldn't take that away.
In Islam, like in all religions and groups, the problem of rape is more about the individual rather than the religion. In fact, statistics show that rape has the same rate in all ethnic and religious groups.
Muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. It is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
The fact that a person may be disabled does not diminish their right or ability to work.
How can you say that? Refugees come here to live, to work and to provide for their families.
"let's you say all muslims are terrorists.
I'm sorry, but this is wrong. Feminism - the theory of the political, economic, and social equality of the sexes - is by definition about equality, first and foremost.
Gays do exist in our community and have every right to be here. We can accept them because God made us all in His image.
My friend, like Quran, many ancient literatures in many cultures and religions are still worth reading. For example, The Bible and The Buddhist scriptures are read by all the world and translated to many languages.
jews are part of our culture, and they have every right to be citizens and welcome that.
Many of them are working hard or working to complete their studies, is this lazy to you?
African people are able to feel pain like any other person. We should respect their bodies like ours.
this is disgusting. how can you say that about UNK billion people?
my friend, do this get all muslims done by islamic culture?
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
islam is a religion that promotes tolerance and tolerance [insert quote with koran].
or this person is not a terrorist.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
Islam is a religion, not a cancer.
Great that you are defending women and gay people but why do I get the feeling it is really just an opportunity to take a dig at Islam. Btw just as in the Catholic church attitudes in Islam are changing fast.
The charge that Jews are born greedy arises from medieval stereotypes and has nothing to do with the actual financial practices of Jews.
"This myth came from the forgery known as ""The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion"" that claims to be the transcript of a secret meeting of Jewish leaders, discussing how to enact their plan to control the world. These Protocols have spread throughout the centuries despite being a fake written by agents of the Russian czar in the late 19th century, and still today it is used to ""prove"" that the Jews own the banks, control the media and the government."
Feminism is about women and their rights, and rights are about equality.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
Do you really believe there is a ‘globalist cabal’ controlling us? And if so, what do you think they’re doing?
Many Muslims live in the UK. They are our neighbours and we should welcome them.
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
Gay men do not exist as a burden to society. They are essential contributors to society.
Women must be allowed to have space in a democratic society. Don't you think so?
Many migrants work.
When they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or doing in the minutes before? Why do I feel there is a fuller story here?
"If you want a ""fat person"" to eat what you want, maybe you should consider the existence of free will."
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
i could solve it!
You do know that migrants make a major contributon to their the host country?
Although some Muslims do have some habits which are not common to other people, they are not a problem in our society.
Women are neither childlike nor soft and emotional. They feel emotions as part of who they are and their human nature.
If there was a religion that celebrated death, then that would need to be banned, but fortunately Islam isn't a death cult so it can't be banned.
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
It's called diversity and it's healthy, the sooner we start welcoming new people, the sooner we'll find a better solution to world problems.
There are different skin tones, so there is no such thing as a race.
How can you be sure they control the world? Maybe there are some influential Jews in the world, but how does that coincide with 'controlling the world'?
The fact is that many of those diagnosed as having 'mental illness' are actually in need of mental healthcare. I can't see how you could say otherwise.
Migrants do not receive 35 euros per se, this money is paid to the co-ops to cover food and accommodation during the period spent in first aid facilities
Many Gypsies have regular jobs, but we do not know, because they don't need to tell.
You cannot be racist towards an ideology. You can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
Being the chosen people does not mean that Jews have greater privileges than others or that they are better than others. Rather, according to Jewish law, it means that they have a special duty to uphold Jewish ethical teachings.
what do you mean by ""death cult""?"
It is not true that all migrants are criminals, they are hard-working people.
It is important to understand that the term 'death cult' has nothing to do with Islamic beliefs. The term 'death cult' is often used to describe groups which promote a particular extremisation of religion, or promote violent or misogynistic ideas. In this case, the term 'death cult' is being used to label a religious movement, and is, in itself as an extremist tactic
islam is an ideology that was a social and political construct, not used to divide humanity.
you pipe down. so if angry?
Migrants are not a burden to our country. Migrants have been proven to be contributing members of society.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
The movie industry has developed thanks to Jews, that's true, but seeing the Academy Awards makes it clear that Jews do not dominate the industry. In fact, only a few of Fortune 500 companies are run by Jews.
"There is no evidence that migrants are less able to coexist with the members of our society. Migrants are an integral part of our society and are proud of their heritage. I do not see how it is possible to be ""inclusive"" if we are excluding them."
Yeah London is very diverse, why do you feel like this is a bad thing?
isn't this a 'have you stopped beating your wife?' question. ?
Have you thought about what western value is what Islam is really about?
obama is an entire thing.
You don't have to agree with this, but in Western societies female genital mutilation (FGM) has not been around for a very long time. Also, the Quran does not mention FGM nor circumcision.
the real disgrace is the black people who want to assimilate into mainstream and they are scared of discrimination instead.
democracy can be so about an level of mental
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
islam promotes violence, and consent, not an ideology and conquest.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
My impression is that the rape gangs originate from people of any community, not only Muslims. Do you have more evidence that supports what you're saying?
What about if you were isolated from the rest of us for your sexual orientation? Would it be right to be isolated from your loved ones and friends?
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
If someone were to come in the dead of night and bring disease and sickness to our country, then that person is a risk to everyone. Sick people should be isolated. That is why there are health assessment procedures for migrants, in order not to spread diseases.
You don't like gays, fine, but this doesn't allow you to hate them. What did they do to you? It doesn't seem like they affected you.
No child is 'forced fed' Islam. Parents retain the right to take their child out of any religious education.
Do you know that domestic violence is even a bigger problem in our society? We should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
It is a myth that all blacks are criminal and rapists. What evidence is there for what you are saying?
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
I don't think you can stop people from coming to the UK by banning them.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
This is just a canard that evolved from the “The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion”. This proven forgery was written by agents of the Russian czar in the late 19th century and claims to be the minutes of a secret meeting of Jewish leaders where they discuss a plan to rule the world. This canard spread throughout the centuries and continues to this day to promote the stereotype that the Jews own the banks and control the media and the government.
Yeah London is very diverse, why do you feel like this is a bad thing?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
There is no need to ban gays from Europe and US. It is simply not appropriate to treat gays like this.
Even if they are from a different culture, they are not inferior to us.
why do they say that? <unk> are jews 'uncivilised'?
Let's have a crusade. Except did not the last one lead to child rape, enslavement and murder?
I don't think the world would be a better place without immigrants. From what I understand, they often bring positive changes to the world.
Immigration is good for our economy, and the very opposite of 'the death' to us.
Rapists will use any excuse to justify their actions. This is an abhorrent individual.
I have never seen so many people celebrating Christmas this year and as far as I know none of Muslims were offended. So, what are you talking about?
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
Jews are not the only ones who work with Hollywood. They may have influence in the industry, but they're not alone in that.
rape is always a criminal act. it is not be your problem. we need to look at this word child abuse.
If they simply identify as men, then surely it is a man's business.
How about this: there are many people from other countries here, but they are not a 'burden', rather they are 'citizens'.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
What is the exact link between more migration and more crime? I've seen nothing that ties the two things.
Crime and criminals are not dependent on any culture. Christian criminals are also not held by religious events. It is just not correct to align religion and criminality.
No, they should not. Gay people have a right to education like everyone else. Why do you think otherwise?
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
jews are part of our culture, and they have every right to be citizens and welcome that.
the koran teached justice for rape and everyone does not blame it.
rape is illegal, wrong. regardless of a religion of religion.
why is the muslims who never want to kill violence here?
Perhaps what you're saying is just hyperbole, but you seem to have a problem accepting sexual minorities in your community. Perhanps you should accept that STD is a problem of all the people regardless of their sexual identity.
Islam, like peace is not about killing, it is about trying to achieve a better life for all.
What you are saying is 'that the Jews are responsible for the Holocaust'... Are you serious? Does it seem reasonable to you?
it's not about islam and it is not like you are not about any facts.
islam is a religion of peace. it is a religion and peace.
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
I don't think it's necessary to create a new world , just a less violent one and mass genocide wouldn't help with that.
Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
Gays do exist in our community and have every right to be here. We can accept them because God made us all in His image.
we are all born equal in the eyes of god.
Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!
An inclusive working environment and welfare provision make every person feel part of a community, it fosters a positive atmosphere and increases everybody's productivity. Thus it is a benefit for all workers. [link]
Women are just as capable of feeling emotions as men, and men can likewise be just as empathic.
Gay people are people just like you and me. You don't have a problem with being gay, do you?
That's not what's happening. Immigrants do pay taxes like everybody else. The tax system is fair, but it's unfair to withhold tax from immigrants that will never get a pension.
So in your opinion Islam and Western Civilization are incompatible?
deported where? they are the citizens?
it is not true that muslims are being ""invaded"". we have you to hate them about up with your pasta"
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
Gays are not animals. Why you should isolate people based on their sexual preferences?
The Jews are not the problem in the world. And the Jews have the right to be proud of their history.
Terrorist is the only term you can come up with? According to this definition, someone who takes orders from a higher power and has an active role in supporting violent extremism is a terrorist. To be a Muslim means practicing Islam, not violence.
Of course there are whites that have been victims of police brutality, but the most important statistic I have seen is that of blacks being 2.5 times more likely to be killed by police in the US.
Migrants are not a burden to our country. Migrants have been proven to be contributing members of society.
the same way that western people are not allowed to live on our society. they must welcome people.
Surely the problem here is not the migrants trying to make a living but the exploitative employers who are hiring people for less than minimum wage and underpaying them?
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
Researchers rule out that it is caused by immigration.
gays are not necessarily disgusting pricks. they should be said to discrimination.
We allow people from all backgrounds to vote. Why shouldn't we let them vote? What's the point of democracy then?
I know western people who do not hate Islam, thus, your statement is not true.
This is not a new idea, it is a misconception that has been around for a long time, but it's not true. Even if Muslims want to eat halal, they don't care what others eat!
The equal rights of the woman are recognised in the US constitution and are protected by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
What kind of work are you referring to?
What do you mean by Islam is a cult? Do you have any proof for this statement?
A lack of love towards children is a lot more likely to cause harm than lesbians. Children can be raised well by anyone if they are good parents, including lesbians.
Rape, torture and murder are abominations to all religions.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is misleading because Jews appear throughout the world. Jews resemble their non-Jewish neighbors in the countries from which they originate.
in fact, many jews are more interested to society, what's one of doing that they are.
so you would say that women will be 'male societies.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
islam is not love, freedom, tolerance and intolerance. unfortunately it's not about opinion. it promotes peace and unity. islam like a way thing.
If the point of education is to learn about the world and inform people about things that happen in nature, then same sex relationship is one of these things to be informed about, since it happens within many species of animals...
Gays are not animals. Why you should isolate people based on their sexual preferences?
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if their <unk> are innocent, does it does not mean they are agitating for this.
What exactly is the West going to 'win'? Muslims are not waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media spreading these myths and causing divide.
My friend is of African descent, and she's perfectly fine with whites 'mixing' with blacks, and does not feel so 'naturally superior'.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
When they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or doing in the minutes before? Why do I feel there is a fuller story here?
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
racism is sexism towards violence in women and should be treated as such. we should respect the other.
Without women there would be no men.
"let's you say all muslims are terrorists.
why should they? why do we respect our future and exclude them here?
why do you feel like it's a bad thing that London is so diverse?
Teaching about LGBT relationships in schools isn't trying to indoctrinate children, it's just teaching kids that gay relationships exist and can be healthy and happy.
lgbt rights should be allowed to have their lives too, should you be happy to be accepted.
It's a myth that blacks are ruthless and vicious. As you worry about few black people, there are far more cruel people with a different skin color out there in the world.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
Please stop blaming black people for everything. We are all members of the same community, so they suffer from this violence too.
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
Children with Down syndrome are far from being burden to society. It is not just about Down syndrome, but also about education and opportunities for everyone.
Jews are individuals like others and need to be considered as such. Even though certain high-profile individuals in an industry can be Jewish, that does not mean that the entire industry, or the whole world, “is controlled by Jews.”
if muslims contribute in europe to preserve our jobs. they are welcome here and contribute pay to the economy.
If you're interested in someone and want to compliment them, you should talk to them politely and not yell from across the road. That is cat calling and it usually make people feel less safe in public.
Tell the truth: if someone said the same bad things about your race, then you would adress them as racists.
peace, please?
A person can have a diagnosable mental disorder, and still be rational and intelligent.
The fact that a person may be disabled does not diminish their right or ability to work.
women have the right to choose, why do you think they are just a cancer.
Violence is never a justified response to an unjustified act. Violence is not the answer. If some extremists are using violence, it does not mean that all Muslims are violent.
It is important to understand that the term 'death cult' has nothing to do with Islamic beliefs. The term 'death cult' is often used to describe groups which promote a particular extremisation of religion, or promote violent or misogynistic ideas. In this case, the term 'death cult' is being used to label a religious movement, and is, in itself as an extremist tactic
If you hate someone because of their religion, you should be ashamed of your hate. We should all be proud of our humanity.
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
If the mother is an independent woman thanks to feminism, it can only be good for the family.
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
Not all Muslims are from the Middle East, like not all Muslims are from Pakistan. And to equate all Muslims with extremists is misleading.
They have the right to be treated as guest workers, and they have the right to be paid what is reasonable according to the law.
Learning about gender identity and sexual orientation in health classes in school could promote a more accepting environment and reduce bullying.
Through integration we show hospitality and acceptance towards several groups of people. It's good for both our people and the country to live in a diverse society.
Everyone has to follow British laws, this is simply how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our law. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
religions cannot use violence and violence against violence.
This is not true for me. I don't think it would be in the interest of our country not to welcome refugees. They are a great resource to us.
It doesn't matter if they are gay or not. Being gay does not make you less of a man.
i would you believe that the diversity of jewish is different from all walks of life.
women are human beings, they just want and be welcome in our country. they are a part of our society.
For someone who is dating to find love, for no reason at all would I find this to be questionable.
Not only are they not invading us, they are not even illegal immigrants.
Not all Muslims are from the Middle East, like not all Muslims are from Pakistan. And to equate all Muslims with extremists is misleading.
It is true that there are Muslim representatives in the UK House of Lords, but that does not mean that the UK is becoming more or less Muslim.
It is true that there are Muslim representatives in the UK House of Lords, but that does not mean that the UK is becoming more or less Muslim.
Many Jews are good people. You should try and talk to them about the terrible things that happened to them, and get to know them better.
Perhaps it is time you take a look at some of the profiles on dating site such as okcupid. You can see that many of the profiles are of gay men. BTW: gays do not appear to be the real problem here.
If a woman were to tell you that an abortion is a personal decision what would you do then? Beat her up?
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
that is just a crime
Rapists are, in most cases, friends, family, or partners of the victim. The proportion of Pakistani people who are rapists is no more than that of White British population.
Homosexuality is not an abomination to God, quite the contrary. We cannot make homophobia a reality.
They have rights and are welcome here, why should we not welcome them?
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
Why would it? The Koran is a peaceful religious book.
Feminism is a social movement that claims equality, it's so far from oppressing men.
Surely people who also risked their lives to help our forces also need us to honour our promises?
and culture.
Feminism is not a gender supremacy ideology, it is about individual rights and the right of every person to choose.
i believe that race is a very personal jewish practice that is defined by their own actions. but its culture and identity. don't you think?
According to this study [link], the mean IQ of a young adult with Down syndrome is 50, equivalent to the mental ability of an 8- or 9-year-old child, but this can vary widely. So, no, they are not dumb.
Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen.
or this person is not a terrorist.
we could send your own friends. we are welcome practicing and culture, that's sure we would be talking about them too.
women are human beings with human choices.
the majority of the people are peaceful.
Or maybe they're just lesbian so they don't want men. They don't necessarily have to choose to have a relationship with the opposite sex, and their choices don't affect you.
Why do you feel like LGBT people are dangerous?
Immigrants come here to enjoy our country and culture, and we have to welcome them as we would like to be welcomed.
"There’s no such thing as a ""racial"" difference between us. Jews aren't a race, they simply believe in something different."
most immigrants come from the world, and the problem has the right to vote here. how should they do so, if they can be 'poisonous' to their own countries?
It is not true that all migrants are criminals, they are hard-working people.
rapists and the victims of non-muslim abuse.
Immigrants are often accused of being lazy, but in reality they are just seeking a better life and working hard for it.
If God hates gays why did he create them? Because he is a sadist and want to punish them? What kind of god would do such a thing?
actually, when? they follow sharia law and the law proves the law of sharia law i their question is:
i am proud of your personal orientation? but you are confusing trans others that is not?
a easy google search of what you get hiv or there.
Improvements in testing and other safeguards have reduced the risk from transfusion transmitted HIV, so ruling out donors only because of their sexual orientation is completely meaningless.
The brain is the most basic organ, it has been used by all of us for a long time. Your suggestion that blacks don't have brains is rather brainless and racist.
Gays are not animals. Why you should isolate people based on their sexual preferences?
The Quran is a book of faith, not a book of hate. How can be a book incompatible with Western culture?
Maybe you should consider that not all women are childlike, and that some women are 'childlike' with children!
no vast majority of immigrants are good people. i think you think these are meant to make us.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
This is not true, if we keep in mind that our human race is part of this world, then we cannot talk about invasion.
many of them work in skills to integrate our life that they want.
Isn't divesity essential to a modern democracy? We can't have a modern democracy if people are discriminated against because of their religion.
How does it concern you, if Muslims come in peace to our country? They just stay in the country they are allowed to come into.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
The question of nomadism is a myth, in reality only 3% are nomadic, most of them were forced to flee out of necessity and therefore to move several times over time.
It's not true that all black people are aggressive. Also, the majority of our population is white, we don't need that much protection.
If we were to strictly adhere to facts, the Crucifixion is a roman capital punishment.
No one is forcing kids to transition, if a child feels like they are transgender then actually being able to medically transition with hormones is not a decision ever taken lightly, and it's a long and stressful process involving consultation from many medical and psychological professionals.
There is evidence there is a migration crisis, I agree. But their will to work is one of the main reasons behind the migration. The EU-27 employment rate for people aged 20 to 64 years was 64.4 % for those born outside the EU.
No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
The West has never been at war with Islam, and I don't see how the war would have just begun.
"A country can't be ""male dominated"" but also a democracy, since democracy is about equal rights and opportunities for everyone."
What about if you were isolated from the rest of us for your sexual orientation? Would it be right to be isolated from your loved ones and friends?
rape is always a criminal act. it is not be your problem. we need to look at this word child abuse.
islam is about believing in god, it's a political understanding about hate and violence.
how to you say this is an attack of a crime, you can't allow anything.
This is true and in fact migrants that come to the United States are very good at integrating. This doesn't mean that they have to lose their tradition and culture, though.
Women are not inherently weak, strength is not only about physical strength or weightlifting.
there’s no evidence and that rape is a constructed concern to children, this way.
In my opinion, women and men should be treated as individuals, and the desire to be respected as such exists for a man and for a woman as well.
"let's you say all muslims are terrorists.
You don't like gays, fine, but this doesn't allow you to hate them. What did they do to you? It doesn't seem like they affected you.
rape is always a criminal act. it is not be your problem. we need to look at this word child abuse.
and culture.
How can you say that? All humans are born equally valuable.
A lot of countries, like the United States, were founded by foreigners. If foreigners want to migrate, they have the right to do so.
Complete freedom, justice and democratic values. The values at the heart of Islamic faith. I think they seem reasonable.
"If you want to isolate someone, the only ""high-risk group"" that you should focus on is people who have unprotected sex with different partners. Gays aren't part of this group by default."
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
Even if some believe that the conflict between Islam and the constitution is a cultural and historical one, what is required now is to find ways to live together in a peaceful way, regardless of the differences.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
Instead of stigmatising down syndrome and treating it like it is an infectious health problem, why not treat it as a normal learning disability and make sure children are exposed to positive emotions?
Rapists will use any excuse to justify their actions. This is an abhorrent individual.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
What exactly have you seen will be taught in schools?
Women and gay people face much more discrimination from right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
homosexuals are not sick, but like anybody else.
fear is just a useful risk.
Well, in this day and age, the notion that some women are subhuman is totally intolerable.
mate. moon cult?? what? tbh sounds so quite harmless to me.
Women are neither childlike nor soft and emotional. They feel emotions as part of who they are and their human nature.
Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice against Islamophobia!
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
Laws and policies are usually necessary for the progress of society. Governments often create laws and policies to stop crime, protect against poverty, protect the environment, etc. Protecting minorities is no exception.
Even if 'blacks' committed more crimes, that doesn't mean that 'blacks' were inherently worse than whites. What's the point of statistics? Scholars have found that African Americans are disproportionately represented in the arrest and victimization reports which are used to compile crime rate statistics in the United States.
Not only is this not true, but it's also dangerous. Maybe you need to get acquainted with that fact.
Women are human beings, and they are valued equally, that's why we have to listen to them.
women are human beings, they just want and be welcome in our country. they are a part of our society.
Women should have equal rights in a free society, without discrimination.
Having a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? Really?
feminism is about equality. i don't believe that they do.
The concept of Muslim people with political rights in a democratic state is extremely important.
Homophobia is a problem all around the world. But it's especially serious in the US, in which the rate of homosexuality is very high. the question is: why promote homophobia?
Violence on our streets is the result of many complex causes. Violence cannot simply be the fault of one race.
The Bible has many different teachings on homosexuality and faith. The Bible does not speak about the democratic society, in which we are living in mutual acceptance.
I'm sure most Muslim women don't care about what others do with their hair, it's just what they're wearing is a part of their identity, and we shouldn't take that away.
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
That is just not true. Fathers are as good as mothers at housework.
rapists and the victims of non-muslim abuse.
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!
"There are many different races, and it is not possible to consider someone ""inferior"" based on skin color."
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
The N-word is a degrading insult against African Americans that is still used today. Political correctness has nothing to do with it.
"they are not terrorists, they are a part of our society and their presence is a extreme.
So are you saying that Islam is not compatible with Western Civilization?
why do you think it is evil?
The feminism does not inhibit the imagination, it promotes inclusive ideas and inclusive ideas promote a more equal society.
Slavery was banned in Britain in 1833. Today, people descending from those who were slaves feel at home in British society, and that's their right.
no one is considered a burden to them.
they are welcome here, as well as anyone else.
every muslim dog born here to help.
"let's you say all muslims are terrorists.
this is not true. anyway, we can create new people in the eu and would be have an important story about them.
every ethnic group, group, cannot represent a punishment. this is your problem.
The fact that the majority of men are interested in women does not mean that all men are interested in women. There are people interested in men as well.
Equality means that a man would not be called a coward. Women have plenty to offer the world of politics and as much of a right to take part as anyone else.
religions cannot use violence and violence against violence.
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
hmm, prejudice and religion do not incompatible with western western society.
"The rapes of many women by men would not have happened if it was enough to understand that ""no means no."""
We are not the only ones who are suffering from the refugee crisis.
Apart from all the scientists that are also muslim?
Islam is a religion, and a religion is about the teachings of God. To suggest otherwise is inconsistent with the teachings of Islam.
why do you think it is evil?
Everyone has to follow British laws, this is simply how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our law. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
No, they should not. Gay people have a right to education like everyone else. Why do you think otherwise?
Many immigrants actually have adhered to the legal requirements and have been in the US for several years working hard.
Jews are not controlling. Maybe you should try to understand that Jews are a group of regular people, and they are not all members of a secret intelligence.
This myth traces back to “The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion”, that is used as proof of a Jewish conspiracy to rule the world. But the Protocols are a proven forgery, written by agents of the Russian czar in the late 19th century, that spread throughout the 20th century and continues to this day.
Being Jewish doesn't make you any less of a human being. The fact that you are Jewish doesn't mean that you deserve less human rights.
let's face it: muslims have been a good contribution to civilisation, but have a contribution to our economy.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
This seems like a misogynistic statement. Anti feminism groups such as women against men use logical fallacies and false claims to try and discredit feminism. For example by citing extreme feminists with points of views that nearly every other feminist would disagree with. They then use the Fallacy of composition to falsely claim that is what all feminists are like.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
We should not welcome people who overtly pose a threat to our society, but we cannot ban all the migrants in principle.
women aren't human beings. not they are human beings with human rights, and should therefore be respected as such.
Even if some believe that the conflict between Islam and the constitution is a cultural and historical one, what is required now is to find ways to live together in a peaceful way, regardless of the differences.
the ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. if they were innocent, do that we should not be persecuted in their religion.
there is no evidence that criminals are worse than any other religion.
Racism is a part of our society. But it's also true that it should be fought, and all people of different races should be treated the same way.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
The fact is that many of those diagnosed as having 'mental illness' are actually in need of mental healthcare. I can't see how you could say otherwise.
Good to see you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. Cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
There's absolutely no link between bisexuality and child marriage. What are you implying?
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
"The fact that some women don't want the protection of the law should not negate their right to live their life as they wish. In my opinion, woman are people too and this ""men's rights"" stuff is just an excuse to oppress and marginalize all women once more."
A person can have a diagnosable mental disorder, and still be rational and intelligent.
Do you think all gay people are a threat? Or do you think that they are different from others? Being gay doesn't make you dangerous.
Gay people exist, and are loved and valued for who they are. They are human beings with full human rights.
A British dog born in a British stable is not a horse, but its still British. We have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our Citizen's, be they good or evil surely?
I think any book written that long ago probably would.
"It is not true that we are being ""invaded"". We should just be a little more tolerant and accepting."
maybe you've speak on tolerance and tolerance
Great that you are defending women and gay people but why do I get the feeling it is really just an opportunity to take a dig at Islam. Btw just as in the Catholic church attitudes in Islam are changing fast.
What exactly have you seen will be taught in schools?
You can't say that a religion is an ideology, an opinion, or a degenerated interpretation of something. What would you think if somebody said so about your religion?
The feminist movement is a fight to end sexism, not a fight to dominate men.
Yes, grooming gangs are an issue we need to tackle, but the issue isn’t that they’re Muslim, it’s grooming gangs in general. By focusing on Muslim gangs only we are ignoring many other perpetrators
islam is a religion of peace. there is no evidence that is about violence or criminality.
feminism is not about oppressing women. there is equally as equality.
If the mother is an independent woman thanks to feminism, it can only be good for the family.
Islam is an ideology and religion that promote love, respect and cooperation with people of other religions, not a violent ideology and religion, which promotes murder, rape and violence against women and homosexuals.
if we would we choose.
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
Jews are not in charge of the media or the government. At least not in the United States of America.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
Is it facts or just your imagination? I do not agree that they aim to take control of us. Maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much,.
Many of them are working hard or working to complete their studies, is this lazy to you?
I'm sorry to hear you don't feel safe in your local area anymore but what does migrants moving to the area have to do with that?
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
do you mean all british muslims who follow those british muslims?
I agree that women are often objects of sexual desire. But so are men. It is also important to recognize that women are often the victims of sexual assault. I think it is also important to recognize that women are human beings. And we all have the right to respect for our bodies.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
In today's society it is quite common to be single without the need to blame women.
Indeed, many asylum seekers want to work but can't because of the rules that don't let them until their request is processed. They can only live on asylum support during that period.
Is it because they speak their native language better than English? Don't you think there is something more to the story?
what do you mean by muslims who are incompatible with western values with western society?
i would feel you like an worse human here? maybe you should live in the financial family?
LGBTI people are able to live their life in many countries. What's the burden for others?
a lot of muslims feel insecure and unsafe in western society. what is your opinion is wrong.
The vast majority of the world's population gets public welfare if in need.
Most of the immigrants living here have greatly contributed to our economy by being successful entrepreneurs
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
You're completely ignoring the distinction between sex and gender. People of the female sex have a female reproductive system, but gender is about how you feel, how you identify, gender has nothing to do with your reproductive organs.
"I don't think that women are ""less smart"" at anything. Why do you think so?"
jews are a part of a society since centuries. they are criminals, who still they are not proud of their religion.
pioneered science.
i do not know that they come to our country? and they are a part in our quality of life. they are just better to be towards here.
mate. moon cult?? what? tbh sounds so quite harmless to me.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
Everyone has to follow British laws, that's just how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our laws. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
There is no need to brand this movement a political ideology. It has been and is still a movement for equality, and in doing so, it has worked.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
Homosexuality is not a disease. What is wrong with being gay? Why do you say that?
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
Islam's core values are similar to Western values. To say that Islam is ruining Western culture is a complete and total distortion of the truth.
There are many undocumented immigrants that are so because they have overstayed their visas. That means that they entered the U.S. with lawful documentation and only later became illegal.
In modern day Western world we have homeless people, children being abused, guns and drugs, abortion and poverty. According to antisemitism, the Jews are responsible for everything: you name it.
Why do you think it would bring back slavery and oppression? What exactly is the connection between the marriage of homosexual people and the oppression you are talking about?
The Quran does command Muslim rape gangs. In fact, sexual violation is regarded by true Muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
"Women are not childlike, nor are they ""soft and emotional."" Their emotions are part of who they are, and are a part of human nature."
Muslims already live in many European countries, and they are not banned. Why should we ban them from here?
I don't think this idea is true: since the 9/11 attacks were committed by al Qaeda extremists it doesn't seem fair to blame Jews.
Are you seriously suggesting that we solve all the ills that plagues our society by not teaching our children about the bad in the past, and about the good in the present? This can end up hurting our children.
You don't have to agree with this, but in Western societies female genital mutilation (FGM) has not been around for a very long time. Also, the Quran does not mention FGM nor circumcision.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
What exactly have you seen will be taught in schools?
#visitmychurch are you going into Churches and asking the same questions of the clergy?
Women are not childlike, in fact, they are often the key to success for their families. Also, they have the right to exit their homes if they wish.
why do you think it is a a disease?
why do you think it is evil?
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
islam is a religion of peace and tolerance. not a religion.
A person can have a diagnosable mental disorder, and still be rational and intelligent.
It's not 'biology'. You're confusing sex and gender. Gender has nothing to do with our biology or body, it's about our identity and how we feel. Sex is our anatomy, hormones etc, but even this isn't as binary as many people beleive.
"The West has always been a better place with women as equals. And, if you really want to know why, you could look at the ""Usborne Book of Famous Women"" for example. You would understand."
How can you be sure that the Jews control the U.S. government? Being a U.S. citizen does not automatically imply that they control the government.
AIDS is transmitted by unprotected sexual activity and anyone could engage in that. This is not a homosexual problem but rather a problem of stigamitazion.
and culture.
If we were to strictly adhere to facts, the Crucifixion is a roman capital punishment.
islam is a religion, but its religion does not promote love.
or this person is not a terrorist.
Hate is never a good thing. Get rid of the hate inside you first and then teach love to others. Love changes people for the better, not hate.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
women aren't allowed to see their own workers as they do!
You do know that migrants make a major contributon to their the host country?
jews are not taking our jobs. they are our brothers and sisters. we should respect them.
This is not true. Women are human, and they have always been involved in society and played important roles.
So you are saying that people of different religions should not be part of our society? That is just ridiculous. And, religion is not even related to race.
are you talking western people? i wish talk to this.
A person can have a diagnosable mental disorder, and still be rational and intelligent.
The fact that a person may be disabled does not diminish their right or ability to work.
it's not about islam and it is not like you are not about any facts.
I mean, I would not take gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to do with it?
Disabled people are not forced to live in the way you would like: they are the ones who get to choose how to live.
there is no evidence that criminals are worse than any other religion.
"Rights are rights, not ""black or white""."
The 9/11 attacks were perpetrated by members of the terrorist organization Al Qaeda. Jews and Israelis have nothing to do with the attacks. These are the historical facts.
The charge that Jews are born greedy arises from medieval stereotypes and has nothing to do with the actual financial practices of Jews.
sadly you were saying that we should stop suggest we stop spreading this kind of misinformation.
Jews are part of most societies, why should we lose that part of our history?
All peoples have a place in every part of the world.
why is the muslims who never want to kill violence here?
In the UK, grooming gangs and their perpetrators are majorly White.
they are welcome here, as well as anyone else.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
I know where you are coming from, but I find it hard to understand the argument that if ISIS and Boko Haram are our enemies then all Muslims are our enemies.
So you think the whole idea of feminism is about making it so that women are not influenced by the opinions of men?You endorse the idea that different genders should not have equal rights? That there is a conspiracy against men? How can you say such things?
or this person is not a terrorist.
not all all us and it is not hard to enjoy a lot here. we should just hate just because of their faith.
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
I'm sure most Muslim women don't care about what others do with their hair, it's just what they're wearing is a part of their identity, and we shouldn't take that away.
the european convention on human rights guarantees the same rights of the rights of islam.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
feminists do not necessarily oppressed. though.
Be wary of what you assume others are like. You are no different than any other person you meet. You are allowed to be whatever your heart desires to be.
immigrants have contributed greatly to our society for centuries and they are no burden.
I don't think that's true. They are people, and we should accept them. What makes them a problem?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
More people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
Feminists are often accused of being 'naive', however I have seen several instances where feminists have used their ideas to tackle complex and powerful social and economic issues.
You don't have to agree with this, but in Western societies female genital mutilation (FGM) has not been around for a very long time. Also, the Quran does not mention FGM nor circumcision.
are you saying that all black people are born in other men's and some are less than a danger for us?
"migrants come here to work and family and they take care of their lives. not.
I bet they also control the media, the government, the entire universe! If you believe in it...
Jews are not in charge of the media or the government. At least not in the United States of America.
i think how you got this statement rather replace animals. if you have to wear people's sources based on people's seems like them. you should cope in the first place?
There are many women who still want to have children, it's in their rights to choose whether or not they want children, because they are human beings.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
Jews are not in charge of the media or the government. At least not in the United States of America.
"they are not terrorists, they are a part of our society and their presence is a extreme.
Slavery has been rampant in early societies of all kinds. I am sure the Romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from Muslims.
More people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
the question of one's migrants are not objects are willing to living here. it is unlikely for their families, they just want to preserve our society. and they have contributed to your country, now.
I have so many amazing Muslim friends. I do not want them deported. What is your reasoning?
Most migrants come here to work.
If we were to strictly adhere to facts, the Crucifixion is a roman capital punishment.
"Jews are not in ""control"" over ""Hollywood"". Moreover, most of the time, they actually make the movie industry more diverse and open to new ideas."
"The idea that Jews are a cancer is completely unfounded. How can you say that they are a cancer when they've been persecuted for so long? Someone already tried a ""solution"" and we should never repeat that time of history."
gay men are not promiscuous. just <unk> that they have every right to get on beauty as well.
human beings are human and rights. you think so?
The Quran is a book of faith, not a book of hate. How can be a book incompatible with Western culture?
Many of them are working hard or working to complete their studies, is this lazy to you?
In our society, women were taught to be the ones to raise the children and that it is their duty. But this does not imply that they must want a male-dominated world.
I don't know about you, but I haven't ever heard of a country being democratic and at the same time banning gays. I don't understand how both can be true.
What exactly have you seen will be taught in schools?
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
muslims contribute a lot to our society. through refer to work and provided through their contributions.
women do have part of our society, and they are valued for their sharia law, it teaches that they must be respected for minorities.
There are many examples of Muslims protesting against ISIS. Seriously, do a google search.
feminism is about standing for equality. women as sole law are necessary for their rights for the rights to women.
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
What makes 'all' Muslims incompatible with Western society? The vast majority of Muslims in Western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. There are only a few that have extremist anti-West views, these are not representative.
What does it mean to 'help people of other races who are inferior? Are you implying that we have a moral superiority that other races do not?
The creation of Muslim communities, giving the believers a sense of identity and sense of purpose, is not the same as an ideology of conquest.
conspiracy theories of jewish people has nothing to do with the jews. they often only least, to spread a bigger crime to be just because of course not, are you are about. i see there no a need to be worried about.
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
or this person is not a terrorist.
Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!
What exactly is the difference between people of colour and those of other skin colors? How can you be sure that all people of color are bad? We are all biologically the same.
Great that you are defending women and gay people but why do I get the feeling it is really just an opportunity to take a dig at Islam. Btw just as in the Catholic church attitudes in Islam are changing fast.
If Islam is a political ideology, then it is a political ideology of peace. But I'll rather call it a religion, a religion of peace, as all the others.
A lot of Jewish are self-made, working class, and middle-class. Not all are involved in the financial industry. Where is the evidence for your claim?
You are wrong about that. Blacks are genetically similar to us, and this does not make them inferior.
where did you know this article. are you sure about that?
You are wrong: it is not true that 'all homosexuals are perverts'. It is simply a person's personal experience to love who they love.
Immigrants are beneficial to our world and should be welcomed.
[gif of someone laughing] if islamophobia is causing your logic seems wrong.
women are respect and rights.
just because you don't know them. i want like to talk that you are interested equal with feelings, rather than you.
Fathers or mothers are often not able to raise their children. It is the love of a parent that makes a family.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
Mental disabilities can be understood and accepted: you will see that disabled are not criminals.
"It is a myth that only white people are allowed to be 'European'. Everyone who obtains a citizenship can be called ""European""."
that sounds like an definition of an 'invasion' you cannot say.
LGBT+ people are more likely to experience stigma associated with their sexual orientation, which can have negative effects for our society as a whole. Why don't we try to show some acceptance and respect towards them?
gays are not necessarily disgusting pricks. they should be said to discrimination.
No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
There are many religions and it is hard to compare them. However, I guess Islam has not that many traits that would make it the cruelest.
Not only are they not invading us, they are not even illegal immigrants.
Women are free to have as many children as they want.
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
or this person is not a terrorist.
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
Where do you get this misconception of that only Muslims practise FGM?
I'm not sure if you are referring to all gypsies. Generalizing in such way is wrong.
a easy google search of what you get hiv or there.
A person can have a diagnosable mental disorder, and still be rational and intelligent.
islam is a peaceful religion.
If someone were to come in the dead of night and bring disease and sickness to our country, then that person is a risk to everyone. Sick people should be isolated. That is why there are health assessment procedures for migrants, in order not to spread diseases.
They're not all that annoying. Gay men are normal guys who find love and/or sex with someone of their own sex.
muslims are welcome in our country and are part of our country. why should they be welcome?
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Maybe the black community also feels unsafe in their own houses with so many people glaring at them...
There is an European immigration and asylum fund for states that welcome asylum seekers
Women are not childlike, in fact, they are often the key to success for their families. Also, they have the right to exit their homes if they wish.
the fact that gays have nothing to do with society. where it's serious problem. i don't want it!
Because Victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? That was when there no Muslims in the country. Are we really much better now? #metoo?
"I would agree that the problem of violence in society is a problem of poverty and inequality. But that is not related to ethnicity. The problem of violence in our society is largely caused by society's corrupting influences on people. That is the whole point of saying ""the world has become too violent""."
you are repeating the conversation about black people in children too. we can stop someone of all backgrounds, etc. this is that the source of what good view the things in.
On the contrary, POC have to live and succeed in a society where white people were taught to believe that mastery runs in their blood and they have power over subservient minorities?
and culture.
the koran teached justice for rape and everyone does not blame it.
Many immigrants started their own companies: this is not 'stealing our jobs'.
This is demonstrably false. Muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the UK - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the UK economy.
You cannot compare a faith of 1.6 billion to Nazi.
The evidence that autistic people are inferior is lacking: it is commonly experienced that autistic people have unique talents, that they have special abilities, and that the only difference is in their social interactions.
women are human beings, they just want and be welcome in our country. they are a part of our society.
or this person is not a terrorist.
You should know that Muslims are already living in the Western World. They speak our language, celebrate our festivals and moreover they also preserve their culture. Maybe you could try to make the effort to meet them and understand them better.
One's choice of lifestyle does not define whether they are religious or not.
women are not to be submissive to men. they are part of this society,
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
I do not think it's an absolute statement that a woman cannot hold a job. Do you have any evidence of that?
Another rapist from England. We should ...
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
There have been a lot of people who have made racist claims against them, but it is not ok to be racist against them, or against anyone else.
Gays are not 'publicly condoning sexual violence' and gay men deserve the same protection as all people.
homosexuals are not sick, but like anybody else.
religions cannot use violence and violence against violence.
are you talking western people? i wish talk to this.
homosexuals are not sick, but like anybody else.
Not all Muslims are violent people. Islam is a peaceful religion, after all.
Playing the victim and blaming other cultures for violence? Sounds like a far-right tactic to me.
Gay marriage is not a way to bring back slavery. LGBT+ people exist, and they should be respected.
How can you say that? All humans are born equally valuable.
To claim that Islam is not peaceful is without foundation. According to the Quran, Islam is a peaceful religion. If you want to understand what is really going on with the world, then you should study the Quran, not spout hate speech.
There is no evidence that Down Syndrome makes children worse at learning. Even if it did, this is not a good reason for discrimination.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Immigrants have lived in this country for a very long time. They are proud to be US citizens and immigrants.
The implication of what you say is that a woman is weak because of the absence of men, and this is totally not the case. Women can and should be strong. It is up to them to choose how to use their strength.
It is not true that gays are perverts. I think it is more appropriate to say that they are attracted to people of the same sex: and this is not a perversion, just a preference.
we need to blame them if they want to. would you need to be a bit too authoritarian?
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
Learning about gender identity and sexual orientation in health classes in school could promote a more accepting environment and reduce bullying.
What kind of work are you referring to?
Migrants contribute to the economy by providing labour, knowledge and by paying taxes.
Complete freedom, justice and democratic values. The values at the heart of Islamic faith. I think they seem reasonable.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
it doesn't matter what you are. and all women are created equal, and women are different from men with you.
Think you are digging yourself into a bit of a hole there.
Why have we built Churches all over the world? How many holy buildings have we demolished over history? This is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
the question is, why it is a problem? maybe i'd should isolate people's blame muslims who aren't in, but they can assimilate to assimilate. if they are equal.
it doesn't matter what our own opinion, but you cannot be, but most men are prostitutes. "
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
it sounds like any conspiracy thing. do you have any facts and that? all facts?
how to you say this is an attack of a crime, you can't allow anything.
Some women claim that they are a 'menace'. This happens when someone says that men are superior.
muslims are welcome here. the overwhelming majority of our world are live in us.
Associating AIDS and HIV with homosexuals is just a prejudice driven by fear. Even if this disease may be more common among gay people, that does not mean that all homosexuals are likely to have AIDS. Not all homosexuals are promiscuously fornicating with strangers, as you said. Most people check their partners, more so as gay men.
Child molesters don't represent Muslims, and you would be hard pressed to find a Muslim child molester here.
women aren't human beings like us, and they have the right to have their rights.
Would a Muslim ban work to stop hate or would it encourage it? Would Muslims be banned just because of their beliefs?
not all muslims are criminals. not only lies is violent. many muslims are involved isis in this.
Immigrants have lived in this country for a very long time. They are proud to be US citizens and immigrants.
Immigrants have lived in this country for a very long time. They are proud to be US citizens and immigrants.
The notion that blacks are inherently inferior is simply wrong. Is it fair to judge people by the colour of their skin? I really don't think so.
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
and culture.
i don't know what ""devil worshippers"" means?"
This claim paves the way to body-shaming, and once body-shaming of obese people is normalised, it is difficult to ensure that individual members of society assess the reasons for someone's obesity or carefully consider their exact message before treating it as an unacceptable lifestyle choice.
Jews do not view being Jewish as an exclusive status for accessing God's glory. So how can they feel superior?
Nazism was terrible, it did nothing to make the world better. It's very sad that despite how many people have died because of it, there are still people that think it wasn't that bad.
The assumption that the actions of a few typify the behavior of all is at the heart of prejudice and discrimination. Every ethnic or religious group, can count greedy or cheap people among its members, not only the jews.
What's sick about homosexuals? They just need to be accepted for who they are.
Question: what is 'feminisation' and what are the consequences?
In my opinion, Islam is a religion of peace. If it were a religion that promotes hatred, then it would be banned.
Without women there would be no men.
Maybe you should consider that not all women are childlike, and that some women are 'childlike' with children!
Fought for us in both world wars.
women are human, and they deserve respect.
people who were inferior.
If redistributing wealth from people who have too much money to the poor is promoted by Jews, then I want to become a Jew too!
Why are you so angry about people raising awareness about breast cancer?
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
To allow other cultures to coexist is a good thing, why should we stop people from getting to know each other?
Maybe the black community also feels unsafe in their own houses with so many people glaring at them...
"What do you mean to ""wake up"" when black people still suffer because of slavery?"
women are human too. with only equal value.
Why should we? Everyone has the right to their own culture, regardless of their ethnic origin.
hmm, prejudice and religion do not incompatible with western western society.
The problem is gender-based violence, not migrants. Rape is a crime regardless of immigration status.
or are surgeons, doctors, nurses, teachers,
Have you checked violent crime statistics? The idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the Muslim community. Religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
Mental disabilities can be understood and accepted: you will see that disabled are not criminals.
It is not true. Women are not childlike, they can reach their full potential if they are not discriminated against.
We live in a free country and everyone has the right to respect others private lives.
Being soft and emotional is not a bad thing in itself. And it is not an attribute of only women.
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
This is not true, if we keep in mind that our human race is part of this world, then we cannot talk about invasion.
what do you mean by ""death cult""?"
the question is, why it is a problem? maybe i'd should isolate people's blame muslims who aren't in, but they can assimilate to assimilate. if they are equal.
not all muslims are criminals.
I don't think you can stop people from coming to the UK by banning them.
Immigration is far away from being a net negative for our economy.
Violence is never a justified response to an unjustified act. Violence is not the answer. If some extremists are using violence, it does not mean that all Muslims are violent.
If we ignore what fundamentalists of other faiths practice in relation to LGBT and Women's rights, are we not also guilty of double standards?
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
and culture.
Isn't this because these African players are amazing at their sport and have been scouted by UK teams precisely because they want the best players?
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
all the black people been born not the same life as their children. how do you hear it?
Integration (as opposed to ghettoization) is precisely aimed at encouraging productive integration into society
Only a very small portion lives in the trailer parks: most of them live in conventional housing. When they live in the camps it is because they do not have the possibility to have adequate housing. In the end they find themselves living in distant industrial areas that are not well connected to services. This creates a lot of social hardship as well as denial of access to basic rights such as education and health.
An entire faith of 1.6 billion people is not a cancer.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
women should not allowed to vote, but they're not a right to vote, just like the right to be here.
no, he said different from any other religion?
According to statistics, Italy welcomes a lot less migrants than almost all other European countries.
and culture.
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
women are weak. they all people just deserve us to be respected.
If a woman were to tell you that an abortion is a personal decision what would you do then? Beat her up?
If we ignore what fundamentalists of other faiths practice in relation to LGBT and Women's rights, are we not also guilty of double standards?
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
Obviously Muslims do not represent an obstacle to a just and peaceful world. We can't have an inclusive democracy without them, the point of inclusion is that no one is left out.
You have a stance, that is your right. But it is not your right to decide for other people (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.
No one is stopping you from celebrating Easter, nor are they offended by it.
What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra..
Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.
Two men (or two women) can give love and ensure the child has a peaceful environment, and this is the most important thing.
the world would be a better place without that ungrounded sayings and misdirected hate.
A person can have a diagnosable mental disorder, and still be rational and intelligent.
(Do an image search for the image used, try to find it is source. Either you can demonstrate that the image has been misappropriated or you can talk about how individuals have always used religion to justify their actions, the problem is with the individual not the religion.)
What about guaranteeing equal access to health care, education and so on, in order to build a democratic state?
jews are part of our society and have contributed greatly to our society. why should we be charge of that?
"I would like to point out that the Jewish community has a right to spread awareness about the Holocaust, and there's a difference between remembering history and a ""business"". "
feminists deported to the uk, they are happy and work as in lives. they deserve respect.
what do you mean by ""death cult""?"
Gay people are not a danger to children, unless they are being abused. Please do not make such a statement.
An entire faith of 1.6 billion people is not a cancer.
Immigrants have lived in this country for a very long time. They are proud to be US citizens and immigrants.
Aren't Easter Eggs just another example of corporate greed cashing in on religious celebrations? Surely Easter is a good time to reflect on our consumerism, what are you giving up for lent?
The rapists in question are usually not Muslim, but rather white men. Why is it that Muslim rapists are given less of a pass than white rapists?
There is no evidence that migrants steal our jobs. Maybe they simply don't do the jobs you'd expect them to do?
There are no terrorists in our country, only people fleeing from it.
Muslims are not incompatible with the European society. Why would it be like that?
islam is a religion that promotes tolerance and tolerance [insert quote with koran].
Many of them are successful people who have given their lives for the country they live in. I think that they have made the best of the situation they have found themselves in, and it is a pity that they are unable to contribute to the economic development of our country even more because of discrimination.
Aren't Easter Eggs just another example of corporate greed cashing in on religious celebrations? Surely Easter is a good time to reflect on our consumerism, what are you giving up for lent?
A definition of Judaism based on physical or genetic traits is misleading because Jews appear throughout the world. Jews resemble their non-Jewish neighbors in the countries from which they originate.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Women absolutely can drive, after all they deserve the same consideration as men.
I would like to live in a country where people of different religions are free to practise their religion.
people should be able to choose their own religion and and this includes what women are human beings. you should respect them.
Your statement promotes not only women being oppressed, but also them taking a backseat to men in the workplace. Maybe you should consider that women are as much human beings as men are, and deserve equal human and labour rights.
"This myth came from the forgery known as ""The Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion"" that claims to be the transcript of a secret meeting of Jewish leaders, discussing how to enact their plan to control the world. These Protocols have spread throughout the centuries despite being a fake written by agents of the Russian czar in the late 19th century, and still today it is used to ""prove"" that the Jews own the banks, control the media and the government."
why are you say that? are you sure that jews control the us? who told you this? they are not fairly from be persecuted.
Do you know what exactly Sharia law is?
I think that Jews are a part of our country. Why would they need your consent?
Can you cite some studies that found that homosexuality was harmful to children? So far, it seem to be based on personal impressions.
Refugees are a part of our society. We have welcomed many of them and they have made a big contribution to our country. We are very proud of our history. We are not going to forget that.
Aren't you being a little bit dramatic? Immigration is a strength for us and it doesn't put anyone in danger.
For some reason, this seems like a personal attack on lesbians, which is extremely disingenuous. Maybe you should try to get a little more friendly with them.
Marriage is about love not sex. Not all marriages work out, and even less work out happily. It is more important to respect the wishes of both parties.
Many immigrants come here to work and pay taxes. They have rights, such as to stay in the country they are living in. They are welcome, as long as they respect the law.
In the UK, grooming gangs and their perpetrators are majorly White.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
don't think women are humans and deserve for rights equally, they will just for this.
Do you really want to kill someone?
Is there any reason why there never are reports in the media about Jewish power in the financial world? Maybe they control the media? Or the government, even! What about the Galactic Republic? #sarcasm
How can you say that? There are so many female politicians doing a great job, showing that they can lead as well as men, sometimes better.
There is plenty of home grown violence and crime. So maybe we shoud focus upon this and crime reduction at home?
Over the last two decades, the number of illegal immigrants entering the US has actually more than halved. To say that migrants are all criminals is just plain wrong.
No, not all Muslims are terrorists. Only a handful of extremists are, but they don't represent all of Islam.
Women are human beings. They have every right to feel valued for who they are.
we should have the hope we can provide each better education and for all.
Jews were not obsessed with the holocaust. The murder of some 6 millions Jews by the Nazis shocked the world. Most of the survivors were only killed because they were suspected of belonging to a particular community. The Jewish people suffered greatly as a result of persecution, and the holocaust should be remembered not to let this happen again.
what do you mean by ""death cult""?"
This is not true. Rape and torture of women and children is forbidden by the Qur'an.
Many European countries welcome migrants, so it is important that we respect their right to come here.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
Rape is always a crime, regardless of the religion of the rapist. This discrimination shouldn't continue.
Being gay isn't a mental illness, it's a perfectly normal lifestyle.
Technically speaking they are children until they are of legal age... After that they are adults who are free to do whatever they want, included being childlike (if they want to).
Jews are individuals like others and need to be considered as such. Even though certain high-profile individuals in an industry can be Jewish, that does not mean that the entire industry, or the whole world, “is controlled by Jews.”
Immigrants have become part of our culture. We must remember that they are European as well.
The media are full of the rumours of rape and abuse committed by Muslim. The problem is not about Islam. It is about violence.
that is important in our society and part of our society. we could call it out.
Women have the right to choose, no one should be forced to have an abortion or not to have it.
Fought for us in both world wars.
islam is a peaceful religion.
Religions also promote arts, sciences, help to develop the community. Islam is not an exception. It is not about death and despair.
I would like to live in a country where people of different religions are free to practise their religion.
schools should be denied a part of the family. we must consider them.
That is not the case, tuberculosis is a global health problem. Immigrants do not bring diseases, and if they do, the solution is to treat them.
Another rapist from England. We should ...
This is demonstrably false. Radical Christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. Terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
If they do not run away from war, then they are really crazy to face the violence and the risk of death at sea to reach EU
